---
title: Agaia Online 1.0.2
date: 2025-05-27
authors:
  - name: Agaia Online
excludeSearch: true
---

### Talismans

-   Reduced **Warrior Executioner's Stride** damage from 1000% to 150%
-   Adjusted **Warrior Relentless Assault** propulsion effect from 0.1s to 0.23s
-   Fixed an issue where **Valkyrie Dawn of Fury** would also reduce the duration of Godsfall
-   Fixed an issue where the following slayer talismans would not work partially:
    -   Follow Through
    -   Piercing Trust
    -   Sudden Draw

-   **Sorcerer Thunderous Pain** talisman cdr effect no longer stacks with Painblast cdr glyph
-   Fixed some talismans tooltips
-   Fixed an issue where **Slayer Lingering Savagery** and **Archer Adaptive Strategy** would not work properly

-   Fixed an issue that caused **Lancer's Bracing Onslaught** talisman to still block damage despite absorption being set to 0.
-   **Warrior's Relentless Assault** talisman changed:
-   -   Cooldown reduction effect reverted from 0.23s - 0.1s.
-   -   Added two new effects:
-   -   -   Reduces cooldown of Scythe by 1.5 seconds.
-   -   -   Reduces cooldown of Aerial Scythe by 2.5 seconds.

### Dungeons

-   All dungeons have had their vanguard reward and dungeon loot obtained from killing the last boss majorly refactored.
 -   -   This should help alleviate a lot of the pain points in regards to current Golden Talent and Silver talent obtention.
 
-   Commander's Residence now properly requires 14+ players inside of the instance to spawn the boss instead of 19.
-   Macellarious Catacombs had its loot adjusted further.
-   Lilith's Trial Ace Dungeon should now properly reset skill cooldowns on dungeon completion.
-   Ace RK-9 and Ace Darkan had their class-specific HP balancing adjusted.

### General Content

-   Guardian Legion mission BAMs have had their balancing adjusted further.
 -   -   We will continue to monitor the pace at which Guardian Legion missions are completed.
-   We will be looking to monitor the generation of Golden and Silver Talents with this change to be able to properly allocate more sources to non-dungeon related content in the future.

### PvP Content

-   Class Changes
    -   Slayer:
        -   Reduced PvP damage of Punishing Blow by 8%
        -   Reduced PvP damage of Unsheathe by 17%

-   Greatly increased the max HP of Draelteryx and Maskimxuul (by about 7 times).
-   Fixed an issue that caused Priest's Guardian Sanctuary skill to still be unusable for some time even after canceling Edict of Judgement.
-   Reduced overall PvP damage by 5% in battlegrounds.
-   Fixed an issue that caused Ninja to deal 4% less damage than intended in battlegrounds.
-   Fixed an issue that caused an empty abnormality icon to still be present in Champion's Skyring.

### Miscellaneous

-   Reduced cost of Scroll of full Resurrection from 300g to 30g
-   Reduced Macellarius Catacombs ilvl requirement from 448 to 392
-   Changed guardians point rate
-   Fixed an issue that caused Primal Aura to be missing from gathering nodes.
-   Fixed an issue that prevented Agaia Club Supply box from being opened through normal means.
-   Fixed an issue that caused Golden Daric and Silver Siglo crafting materials to be swapped.
-   -   This will also fix the crafting promotion test.
-   Fixed an issue that caused Sorcerer's Nova and Arcane Storm skill effect visuals to not properly reflect their actual visuals.
-   Fixed an issue that caused certain vanguard requests to show up after reaching the maximum amount of daily vanguard completions.
-   All instances of EP exp rewards from vanguards have been removed.
-   **Guardians have been slowed down to disincentivize multi accounting.**