---
title: MT The Dream 1.0 | The Release 
date: 2021-08-28      
description: Patch Notes – MT The Dream 1.0 
---
MT The Dream release is finally upon us, aiming to bring the game to as close to its glory days as possible. And now a word from our patch notes. Let’s goooo. Good luck to me writing the notes now.
<hr/>

**Character Creation**
- On character creation you will be receiving Heroic Oath Gear, PvP crystals, Relic/Halidom I, accessories and a level 70 scroll.

**Adventure Coins**
- Maximum Adventure Coins for TERA Club accounts increased to 5000.
- Recharge every 3 minutes increased 25 for TERA Club accounts.

<hr/>

### PvE Gear
- Significantly increased enchantment success chances, lowered enchanting costs, increased enchantment advantage gain on failure and decreased damage chances.
- The Superior and Mythic Weapons will be having their stats selectable while the rest of the PvE gear stats won’t be changeable.

### Halidoms/Relics
- Significantly increased upgrade success chances, lowered enchanting costs.

### PvP Gear (Heroic Oath)
- The Weapon cooldown reduction stats have been readjusted to give a maximum of 10% total possible CDR with a Heroic Oath Weapon.
- Removed 10 PvP Defense stat from healers weapons.

<hr/>

### Bellicarium Credits Merchant
- The Bellicarium Credits Merchant Shop has been updated to include Heroic Oath Gear, Skill Advancement Scrolls, consumables and more.

### Tikat Shop
- All tabs and prices have been updated. Tikat will be obtainable soon.

<hr/>

### Fraywind Canyon
- The 2 monsters known as Teralith and Naga have had their defense significantly increased.

### The Collosseum
- The gear has been switched to equalized one.

<hr/>

### PvP Leaderboards
- Updated Rewards to include a Lethal Intent Potion for achieving rank 1 per class, per battleground.

### Apex Skills
- Adjusted to not require the quest. Can be obtained using the level 70 scroll instantly.

<hr/>

### Class Balance

**Berserker**
- Cyclone resets are now staggering normally like they used to do on PvP.
- Increased PvE damage of Thunder Strike by 10%.
- Increased PvE damage of Cyclone by 10%.
- Increased PvE damage of Lethal Strike by 10%.
  
**Archer**
- Increased PvE damage of Thunderbolt by 30%.
- Increased PvE damage of Rapid Fire! by 30%.
- Increased PvE damage of Rapid Fire by 30%.
- Increased PvE damage of Radiant Arrow by 30%.
- Increased PvE damage of Rain of Arrows by 30%.
- Increased PvE damage of Wind Walk by 30%.
