---
title: Menma’s TERA 0.1 | The Open Beta
date: 2021-06-12   
description: Patch Notes – Menma’s TERA 0.1 
images: 
- https://menmastera.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/MT_Elin10.jpg  
---
Menma’s TERA open beta testing is upon us, and comes with huge changes to the game we know as TERA. It’s time to make the switch!
<hr/>

**Character Selection Screen**
- The Character Selection screen has been replaced with the old 2013 style character selection.

**Island of Dawn**
- The ruined Island of Dawn has been replaced with the old 2013 Island of Dawn.
- The Island of Dawn monsters of the areas in the bottom have been buffed.
- The Dawnstorm Token shop has now been updated to include a 2.0 mount box and tier IV etchings (including exclusive ones that weren’t used before).

**Civil Unrest: Island of Dawn (NEW)**
- New Civil Unrest area, taking place in the old Island of Dawn.
- Starts on Saturday at 3:00 pm UTC (5:00 pm CEST), lasts 1 hour.
- The area is accessible at all times. (Known issue: Dying inside the area while CU is not active may not show the resurrection window)
- A BAM spawns every 15 minutes, killing it will grand the guild of the player that lands the last hit a buff (Endurance/Power/Attack Speed).
- Towers can be built 100m away from other towers only and outside of safe zones.

<hr/>

### PvP Gear

- The PvP Weapons now have new enchantment stats:
- **Disciplinary Weapons**
  - +7: Increases PvP damage by 1% when attacking from behind.
  - +8: Increases PvP damage by 2% when attacking from behind.
  - +9: Increases PvP damage by 3% when attacking from behind.
- **Harmonic Weapons**
  - +7: Increases Attack Speed by 1%.
  - +8: Increases Attack Speed by 2%.
  -  +9: Increases Attack Speed by 3%.
- **Impregnable Weapons**
  - +7: Decreases skill cooldowns by 1%.
  - +8: Decreases skill cooldowns by 2%.
  - +9: Decreases skill cooldowns by 3%. 
- All the PvP Disciplinary and Impregnable Weapons have had their attack modifiers changed to their Harmonic equivalent attack modifiers.
- All the PvP Gloves and boots have had their main PvP defense stat increased by 10.

### PvE Gear

- Removed all lower value random stats (also known as white/blue stats on retail version)
- The enchantment system has been adjusted as follows:
  - Gear will no longer drop on enchantment failure.
  - Chance for gear damage has been reduced.
  - Base success has been adjusted.
  - On enchantment failure, a 0.5% enchantment advantage is being added.
  - All success chance rates are now visible.

<hr/>

### The Colosseum (NEW Battleground)

- A new 2v2 PvP battleground, taking place in the Super Quiz Bowl.
- Get inside using your own personal gear.
- 5 rounds, first team to win 3 rounds wins.
- DPS only, healers cannot get matched.
- A monster appears after 1 minute of fighting, killing it will grant you a power and attack speed buff. Use it to gain an advantage over the enemy and win the round.
- The winning team earns 64k bellicarium points, losing team earns 24k bellicarium points.

**Battlegrounds**
- All active apex skills have been disabled in battlegrounds. (Side note: Apex passives still work)
- The loot and bellicarium rewards of all battlegrounds has been updated. Including Champion’s Skyring and The Colosseum.

<hr/>

### Dungeons

- The following dungeons are closing their doors:
  - Akalath Quarantine
  - Corrupted Skynest
  - Corrupted Skynest (Hard)
  - Forbidden Arena
- The following dungeons are making their return:
  - Dreadspire
  - Manaya’s Core (Hard)
  - Velik’s Sanctuary (Hard)
  - Forsaken Island (Hard)
  - Timescape (Hard)
  - Broken Prison
- The dungeon loots and difficulties have been adjusted for current patch.
- The dungeons’ neophyte resuscitation has been readjusted to the following values:
  - 5-star dungeons have no neophyte resuscitation.
  - 4-star dungeons have a maximum of 5 available resurrections until 10 clears. (Skilled Tag)
  - 3-star dungeons and lower have not been changed.

**Forsaken Island (Hard)**
- The vanguard quest is now available.
- Upon resurrection, you will no longer receive the instant death debuff.

**Dreadspire**
- Loot has been updated to the following:
  - Legendary Mount Token
  - Zenobia’s Breeze
  - Battered Oath Exchange Token
  - Amarun’s Relic IV
  - Ishara’s Halidom IV
  - Body Armor Etching: Pumped IV
  - Body Armor Etching: Keen IV
  - Footwear Etching: Pumped IV
  - Footwear Etching: Keen IV
  - Kaia’s Gear Box
  - Diamond
  - Improved Dark Shard Weapon Feedstock
  - Improved Dark Shard Armor Feedstock
  - Black Core Shard
  - Black Core Nodule
  - and more…

**Training Ground**
- The boss HP has been dramatically increased

<hr/>

### General

- Lancer Superior and Mythic weapons have one extra stat of cooldown reduction by 7.2%.
- Gold Costs of skill advancement have been reduced by 50%.
- Sky Lotus Drink is now usable again. Upon use, makes you 100% resistant to knockdown and stagger for 10 sec, but you might feel very dizzy.
- The GvG declaration, withdrawal and surrender announcements appear kind of like the old times. (Not exactly the same though)
- Removed EP option “Turning Tables”, also known as retaliate reset from all classes.
- Added new tabs in Tikat shop that include all available costumes in the game.
- Increased Civil Unrest guild tower defense by ~200%.
- Initial maximum guild size has been reduced to 30 accounts.
- The TERA Club mount has been changed to: <Summon: Dapper Lloyd>
- Improved security, implementations to prevent abuse of known exploits.

<hr/>

### Future Plans

- Skycastle rewards for Civil Unrest and/or GvG battle winners. Yes you heard it right, Skycastles!
- An open dungeon to everyone with PvP allowed, that includes valuable rewards.
- Updating open world bosses, guild BAMs, field bosses, and guardian missions.
- EP balancing for PvP.
- And much more…







