---
title: Menma’s TERA 0.2
date: 2021-06-29       
description: Patch Notes – Menma’s TERA 1.0.2
---
#### The First Class Balance Attempt
<hr/>

### General
- Added War Cry Chest to Tikat Shop.
- Guild Join Cooldown is now set to 0.
- Increased maximum amount of Bellicarium credits from 2m to 32m. (Maximum limit won’t show in client yet)
- Apex Scroll has been added to the Eternal Gear Token Shop.
- The Colosseum is now only solo queue.
- Added The Colosseum 3v3 (Team) premade queue. (Currently accessible from Champion’s Skyring Mark V (Team) option in Instance Matching.)
- Guilds can now use spaces in the guild name.
- Timescape (Hard) 1st and 3rd boss have had their damage slightly nerfed.
- Guild name change voucher appears to be working again.
- All 100% HP pots can no longer be used during combat.
- Infamy system has been disabled.
- Sky Lotus duration has been reduced from 10 seconds to 5 seconds.

<hr/>

### Class Balance

**Gunner**
- Balder’s Vengeance:
  - Decreased PvP damage by 30%.
  - Limited Maximum amount of targets to 10.
  
**Mystic**
- Boomerang Pulse:
  - Decreased PvP damage by 65%.

**Slayer**
- Tenacity:
  - Decreased duration from 5s to 3s.
- Unsheathe:
  - Decreased PvP damage by 20%.

**Archer**
- Tenacity:
  - Decreased duration from 5s to 3s.
- Gust Arrow:
  - Decreased PvP damage by 30%.

**Priest**
- Holy Burst:
  - Decreased PvP damage by 65%.
- Kaia’s Shield:
  - Increased amount of damage absorbed from 40k to 80k.

**Warrior**
- Aerial Scythe &Â Scythe:
  - Decreased PvP damage by 20%.
  
**Brawler**
- Retaliate:
  - Increased skill cooldown by 50%.














        