---
title: Menma’s TERA 1.0.1
date: 2021-08-29    
description: Patch Notes – Menma’s TERA 1.0.1
---

### General
- Skill Advancement gold cost has been reduced to 0.
- Tikat is now obtainable through vanguard initiative merchant on an exchange ratio of 1:1.
- Ancient Accessory Morpher merchant price has been changed to 1,000g compared to previous 10,000g.
- Skill Advancement scrolls have been added to the Bellicarium Credit Merchant shop at 10 credit per scroll.
- Adjusted price of Prime Battle Solution to 10 gold.
- Veteran title reward has been switched to the special glowing title called “Pride of Menma”. More information on how to obtain soon.

<hr/>

### PvP Gear
- The PvP gear has been switched to Disciplinary, Harmonic, Impregnable.
- Disciplinary gear enchantment stats have been switched to general PvP damage, instead of just from behind.

<hr/>

### Tikat Shop
- Added the following items:
  - TERA Club Membership (30 days) (20,000 Tikat)
  - Exodor Laundry Basket (1,200 Tikat)

### Vanguard Merchant
- Added the following items:
  - Superior Noctenium Refiner (200 Credits)
  - Legacy Essence (25 Credits)
  - Complete Crystalbind (10 Credits)

<hr/>

### Dungeons
- All 3+ star dungeons will be dropping the following upon completion:
  - Karas’s Wisdom Box
  - Bespoke Exodor Weapon Box
  - Bespoke Exodor Armor Box
- The vanguard quests of all 3+ star dungeons have been adjusted to include a high amount Skill Advancement Scrolls.

<hr/>

### Character Creation Items
- Removed Heroic Oath Gear boxes. 
- Added Amarun’s Wisdom for instant 180 skill advancement.
- Added Bellicarium Credits (5m) (obtained credits are double with TERA Club)

<hr/>

### Known Issues
- Non-healer superior/mythic weapons that have no stats are enigmatic on pick up and show no stats when trying to select some. Unexpected behaviour, will be fixed soon.
- The quests required for Kaia’s Upgrade NPC have been altered to require different bosses but will not show in the game, will be fixed soon in an upcoming client patch.
- The TERA Club item from Tikat Shop is currently not working, but will be fixed as soon as possible.
- The PvP Gear is currently only enchantable to +3. Will be changed soon.








