---
title: MT The Dream 1.1
date: 2022-07-05
description: Patch Notes – MT The Dream 1.1
---
The long awaited 1.1 patch is finally here. With changes to PvE, PvP, Open World content, Class Balancing and of course, the 64-bit client.
<hr/>

### Game Client
- The game client has been updated to 64-bit, DirectX 11.
- Added new supported game languages: German, French, Russian.

<hr/>

### Dungeons & PvE 
- The following dungeons are closing their doors:
  - Dreadspire
  - Velik’s Sanctuary (Hard)
  - Forsaken Island (Hard)
  - Timescape (Hard)
  - Grotto of Lost Souls (Hard)
  - Antaroth’s Abyss (Hard)
  - RK-9 Kennel
  - Red Refuge
  - Velik’s Hold
  - Velik’s Sanctuary

- The new dungeon list is as follows:
- 5-star Dungeons – **Item Level 490**
  - Corrupted Skynest (Hard)
  - Sky Cruiser Endeavor (Hard)
  - Manaya’s Core (Hard)
- 5-star Dungeons – **Item Level 480**
  - Ruinous Manor (Hard)
  - Bahaar’s Sanctum
- 4-star Dungeons – **Item Level 475**
  - Forbidden Arena (Hagufna)
  - Akeron’s Inferno (Hard) [10-man]
  - Bathysmal Rise (Hard)
- 4-star Dungeons – **Item Level 470**
  - Sky Cruiser Endeavor
  - Ruinous Manor
  - Corrupted Skynest
  - Gossamer Vault (Hard)
- 3-star Dungeons – **Item Level 460**
  - Akeron’s Inferno [10-man]
  - Broken Prison
  - Ravenous Gorge [3-man]
- 3-star Dungeons – **Item Level 455**
  - Bathysmal Rise
  - Lilith’s Keep

<hr/>

**You can find those dungeons in the [Dungeons Section](../../dungeons) together with their changes.**

<hr/>

- Vanguard Quest Rewards have been adjusted per item level of dungeon:
- Item Level 490
  - 15,000 Gold
  - 800 Vanguard Credits
  - 3x Superior Noctenium Elixir
  - 6x Dragonwing Scale
  - 4x Dark Shard Weapon Feedstock Box
  - 12x Dark Shard Armor Feedstock Box
  - 10x Mystery Market Coin
  - 25x Golden Plates
  - 10x Silver Plates
  - 1x Karas’s Wisdom Box
  - 250x Elleon’s Mark of Valor
- Item Level 480
  - 9,500 Gold
  - 650 Vanguard Credits
  - 2x Superior Noctenium Elixir
  - 5x Dragonwing Scale
  - 2x Dark Shard Weapon Feedstock Box
  - 6x Dark Shard Armor Feedstock Box
  - 8x Mystery Market Coin
  - 50x Golden Darics
  - 20x Silver Siglos
  - 8x Luminous Mana Essence
  - 1x Karas’s Wisdom Box
  - 200x Elleon’s Mark of Valor
- Item Level 470/475
  - 6,000 Gold
  - 500 Vanguard Credits
  - 2x Superior Noctenium Elixir
  - 4x Dragonwing Scale
  - 2x Dark Shard Weapon Feedstock Box
  - 6x Dark Shard Armor Feedstock Box
  - 6x Mystery Market Coin
  - 25x Golden Darics
  - 10x Silver Siglos
  - 16x Luminous Mana Essence
  - 1x Karas’s Wisdom Box
  - 150x Elleon’s Mark of Valor
- Item Level 460
  - 3,500 Gold
  - 350 Vanguard Credits
  - 1x Superior Noctenium Elixir
  - 3x Dragonwing Scale
  - 1x Dark Shard Weapon Feedstock Box
  - 3x Dark Shard Armor Feedstock Box
  - 4x Mystery Market Coin
  - 50x Golden Talents
  - 20x Silver Talents
  - 15x Sapphires
  - 1x Karas’s Wisdom Box
  - 100x Elleon’s Mark of Valor
- Item Level 455
  - 2,000 Gold
  - 200 Vanguard Credits
  - 1x Superior Noctenium Elixir
  - 2x Dragonwing Scale
  - 1x Dark Shard Weapon Feedstock Box
  - 3x Dark Shard Armor Feedstock Box
  - 2x Mystery Market Coin
  - 25x Golden Talents
  - 10x Silver Talents
  - 15x Ruby
  - 2x Bespoke Exodor Weapon Random Box
  - 2x Bespoke Exodor Armor Random Box
  - 1x Karas’s Wisdom Box
  - 100x Elleon’s Mark of Valor

<hr/>

### Civil Unrest: Island of Dawn
- Changed the spawn point (safe-zone) from North Dock to the middle of the map.
- The BAMs HP and endurance values have been adjusted to be the same as Guild Towers and their spawn points have been set to North Dock.
- Reduced the BAM buff duration from 30 minutes to 15 minutes.
- Changed the CU mount speed to 330.

<hr/>

### Dreamstorm
- The Dreamstorm event in Highwatch has been reworked!
- The event will be active every 6 hours.
- Mobs Attack & HP values have been greatly increased.
- New rewards have been added:
- Finishing the dreamstorm daily quest:
  - 500 Tikats
  - 1x 800 Adventure Coin Token
  - 1x 1 Hour Haste Coin II (3 Hours)
  - 5x Strong Bravery Potions
  - 5x Strong Canephora Potions
  - 5x Superior Noctenium Elixir
  - 1x Complete Crystalbind
- Rank 1 Rewards:
  - 500 Tikats
  - 2x Diamond
  - 75 Golden Plates
  - 75 Silver Plates
- Rank 2 Rewards:
  - 400 Tikats
  - 10x Emerald
  - 30 Golden Plates
  - 30 Silver Plates
- Rank 3 Rewards:
  - 300 Tikats
  - 80x Ruby
  - 45 Golden Darics
  - 45 Silver Darics
- Rank 4 Rewards:
  - 200 Tikats
  - 60x Ruby
  - 25 Golden Darics
  - 25 Silver Darics
- Rank 5 Rewards:
  - 100 Tikats
  - 25x Ruby
  - 50 Golden Talents
  - 50 Silver Talents
<hr/>

### Ghillieglade
- Can be entered once per day by non-Tera Club members, 3-times per day by Tera Club Members.
- uffed the HP and damage values of Banyakas, the Dark Guardian, the Dark Gatekeeper and the Dominolith stone.
- Added the Ghillieglade Teleport Scroll, to the Vanguard Initiative Credit Merchant for 500 Credits.
- The Loot table has been adjusted:
  - 300 Tikats
  - 50x Golden Darics
  - 50x Silver Siglos
  - 20x Golden Plates
  - 20x Silver Plates
  - 5-20x Emeralds
  - 15x Luminous Mana Essence
  - 3x Black Core Shard
  - 15x Black Core Nodules
  - 10-20x Goldfinger Token
<hr/>

### PvP Gear
- Reduced the Cooldown Reduction stat from 10% to 7.2%.
- Changed the Disciplinary Weapons enchantment stats to the following:
  - +7: Increases PvP Damage by 4%.
  - +8: Increases PvP Damage by 4%.
  - +9: Increases PvP Damage by 4%.
- Changed the Impregnable Weapons enchantment stats to the following:
  - +7: Decreases damage taken by 1% when under 50% HP.
  - +8: Decreases damage taken by 2% when under 50% HP.
  - +9: Decreases damage taken by 3% when under 50% HP.
- Disabled the enchantment stats on all PvP gear armor pieces.
  - The Attack Modifiers of PvP Weapons have been adjusted to always hit the maximum value. It will no longer be random.
  - Disabled the PvP Signature Innerwears.
<hr/>

### PvE Gear
- The Attack Modifiers of PvE Weapons have been adjusted to fixed values instead of previously random values in a range. 
  - The new values are about the average of the previous random ranges on every gear piece.
- Changed the PvP damage reduction from previous 40% to 80%.
- Bloodlust passive has been removed from all classes except Reaper and Brawler.
<hr/>

### Class Balancing

**Archer**
- The following Skills have had their skill damage against monsters reduced by 10%:
  - Thunderbolt
  - Rapid Fire
  - Radiant Arrow
  - Rain of Arrows
  - Wind Walk
- The “Safe Space” passive has been removed.
- Rain of Arrows PvP damage has been increased by 5% & will no longer split damage.
- Feign Death reset chance EP has been removed.
- EP to refund Backstep RE cost has been removed.

**Priest**
- Edict of Judgment
  - Increased provided power and crit factor by 20%.
  - No longer gets removed on knockdown.
- Divine Charge
  - Increased provided power and crit power by 20%.
  - No longer gets removed on knockdown.
- Grace of Resurrection
  - Can now be removed by other healers using Plague of Exhaustion/Regression.

**Mystic**
- Thrall of Vengeance & Thrall of Wrath
  - No longer gets removed on knockdown.

**Berserker**
- Unleash
  - Reduced cooldown by approximately 20%.
  - Unleash: Rampage & Beast Fury
  - Increased damage against monsters by 35%.
- New Passive
  - Increases damage against monsters by 1% per Cyclone, Unleash Cast, Unleash: Beast Fury hit.
  - Stacks up to 10 times for a total of 10%.
  - Duration of the buff lasts for 9.5 seconds.
- Cyclone
  - Increased PvP damage by 20%.

**Gunner**
- Burst Fire has been adjusted to scale with attack speed.
- Probability of stacks has been increased from 26% to 35% on Force EP.
- Added a new passive which reduces Balder’s Vengeance cooldown by 2 seconds for each hit of Burst fire/Targeted Burst Fire against monsters.

**Slayer**
- Unsheathe PvP damage has been reduced by 20%.
- Punishing Blow will no longer reduce the cooldown of Unsheathe in PvP.
- Propulsion passive for Eviscerate has been changed so it is also applied by non critical attacks.
- Crit rate of Eviscerate has been increased by 15%.
- Crit rate of Overhand Strike has been increased by 5%.
- Measuring Slice and Punishing Blow damage has been increased by 5%.
- In Cold Blood flat skill cooldown has been reduced by 7 seconds.

**Valkyrie**
- Glaive Strike
  - Increased damage against monsters by 10%.
  - Increased PvP damage by 15%.
- Dream Slash
  - The glyph that deals damage to knockdown opponents has been changed to 3x damage instead of previous 2x.
  - Will now apply 1 stack of Dreamblaze.
- Dark Herald
  - Players pulled are now immune to the effect for 30 seconds.
  - Can pull up to 4 players.
- Titansbane
  - Increases all raid members damage by 5% per second, up to 25%.
- Twilight Waltz
  - Endurance debuff has been removed.
- Ground Bash
  - Damage against monsters has been increased to 15%.
- Dreamblaze
  - Stacks have been changed from 4 to 2.
  - Damage per stack has been increased by 100%.
- Overhead Slash
  - Increased cooldown from 12 seconds to 15 seconds.
- Gungnir’s Bite
  - Partial Eclipse buff will now increase damage by an additional 5%
- Runeburst
  - Physical Factor scaling has been adjusted from 20% to 50%.
- Evasion
  - Reset glyph has been removed.
- Shining Crescent
  - Increased PvP damage by 20%.
- Maelstorm
  - HP regen glyph will now regenerate 3% of HP on a successful hit compared to previous 5%.

**Warrior**
- Assault Stance Damage to Monsters stat has been reduced from 10% to 5%.

**Reaper**
- Binding Scythes cooldown has been reduced to 4 minutes.
- Shadow Reaping will no longer reduce the cooldown of Retaliate.

**Sorcerer**
- Every hit of Meteor Shower will apply Fire Element.
- Ice Lance crit chance has been increased by 1.5.
- Arcane Pulse crit chance has been increased by 1.5.
- Ice Storm instant cast damage has been increased to match DoT damage.
- Wrap Barrier will no longer cancel Mana Boost effect.
- Meteor Strike is no longer splitting damage and its critical chance has been increased on PvP.
- Mindblast
  - Removed reset glyph.

**Brawler**
- Growing fury will no longer reduce the cooldown of Retaliate.

**Lancer**
- Chained Leash will no longer pull people after using Challenging Shout.
- Chained Leash is now uncleansable and unbroochable.
- Leash will not longer be resist able.
- Super Leap PvP damage has been increased by 10%.
- Critical chance of Spring Attack, Wallop & Super Leap in PvP has been increased.

**Ninja**
- Skyfall
  - Increased damage against monsters by 15%.
  - Increased crit chance by 15%.

<hr/>

### Miscellaneous
- Changed starting area for Reapers to Stepstone Isle.
- Awakening Skills can now be acquired directly from the UI in case they are lost during a race change.
- Tikat Price on Vanguard Initiative Credit Merchant has been changed from 1 to 3.