---
title: MT The Dream 1.0.7
date: 2022-05-22   
description: Patch Notes – MT The Dream 1.0.7
---

### Golden Halidoms & Relics
- **Manaya’s Core (Hard)**
  - Nightmare Shandra Manaya has a 20% chance to drop 1-2 Rank IV Halidoms or Relics alongside the Rank II ones that would already drop, the latter which now has a 50% chance to drop.
- **Velik’s Sanctuary (Hard)**
  - Nightmare Lakan has a 50% chance to drop 1-3 Rank II Halidoms or Relics.
- **Bahaar/Timescape/Forsaken Island**
  - 75% chance to drop 1-4 Rank I Halidoms or Relics.

<hr/>

### Partners
- Physical and Magical Amplification Superior Companions have been added to the Tikat Shop for 5,000 Tikats.
- 100% Partner Box has been added to the Tikat Shop for 100 Tikats.
- 100% Partner Box has been added in the following dungeons as reward loot for killing the final bosses:
  - RK-9 Kennel
  - Red Refuge
  - Broken Prison
  - Gossamer Vault (Hard)
        
<hr/>

### Civil Unrest Changes
- The Civil Unrest Map has been changed to Island of Dawn.
- The Duration of Pre-CU has been adjusted to 1 hour instead of 2.
- The Duration of Civil Unrest has been adjusted to be 2 hours instead of previous 1.
- The tower HP values have been reduced by 15%.
- A Minimum of 5 guild members are now required for a tower to stay up at the beginning of Civil Unrest: Island of Dawn.
- Bam spawning spots has been set to spawn at a random location every 30 minutes.
- The HP of the BAMs has been increased by 100%.
- Towers can only be placed 100m away from another tower now.
- The poison potion has been changed to deal 1,000,000 damage now.

<hr/>

### Miscellaneous
- Once a player uses the “Cleric NPC” they will receive a debuff that is rendering them unable to use it again for 15 seconds.
- Fixed a bug where Menma’s Multi-Nostrum would display as on cooldown infinitely, when normal nostrum was being used.
- The internal name filter and words blacklist has been reworked and common words that were previously non usable are now available for use.