---
title: MT The Dream 1.1.4 + New PvE Community Managers Notes
date: 2022-08-20
description: Patch Notes – MT The Dream 1.1.4
---

### General/Miscellaneous changes
- Disabled GvGs inside the city of Highwatch
- Enabled GvGs in the Velika region + inner city.
- Decreased cooldown of Strong Canephora Potion to 5 seconds.
- Decreased cooldown of Tempestuous Savage Draught to 5 minutes.
- Decreased cooldown of Inexorable Savage Draught to 5 minutes.
- Strong Canephora Potion is now overwritable by itself.
- Menma’s Multi-Nostrum will now give the Crit Factor Fish Buffet (Spicy) Instead of the Endurance Fish Buffet (Salty).
- Quest <[Important] Hatching a Partner> should now be giving the correct reward instead of Legacy Essence.

<hr/>

### Class changes
- Lancer
  - Reduced base cooldown of Adrenaline Rush and Guardian Shout to 110 seconds (from 120 seconds).
  - Increased duration of Adrenaline Rush by 5 seconds for party members.
- Reaper
  - Shadow Lash now applies 250% magical damage rather than physical.
  - Increased iframe duration of Shadow Step by 0.1 seconds.
  - Dark Harvest now chains into Pendulum Strike.
- Slayer
  - Increased damage against monsters of Overhand Strike by 10%, and crit rate by 10%.
  - Increased damage against monsters of Measured Slice by 5%.
  - Increased damage against monsters of Punishing Blow by 5%.
  - Increased damage against monsters of Whirlwind by 5%.
  - Increased damage against monsters of Eviscerate by 5%.
  - Overhand Strike talyph tooltip updated to reflect the true value (5%).

<hr/>

### Dungeon changes
- Bahaar’s Sanctum:
  - Phase 1 timer no longer counts towards leaderboard.
- Manaya’s Core (Hard):
  - Reduced HP of Nightmare Hrathgol by 10%.
  - Reduced damage of stand AOE to 220k (from 250k).
- Sky Cruiser (Hard):
  - Reduced HP of Darkan’s Shade by 13.3%.
- Bathysmal Rise (Hard):
  - Reduced Nightmare Fulminar’s shield to 450m.
- Akeron’s Inferno (Hard):
  - Reduced Pyrovore HP by 75%.
- Increased Neophyte Resuscitation count to 999 for all dungeons between 455 and 470 item level.

<hr/>

### Upcoming Events

Like mentioned in the last week’s patch notes, there will be more events to coming up including a late **Festival of the Sun** event with exclusive rewards that are not obtainable from anywhere else currently in the game. This will be coming up as soon as we have prepared everything. Stay tuned for more information!

<hr/>

<center>

### PvE Community Manager’s notes

</center>
We’re coming to the end of our first week as CMs, and it’s been a wild ride. We’re gradually settling in and learning the ropes, however at the same time we wanted to push out a patch to make some quick changes and get stuck in with the development process. We’ve decided for now to take on a strategy of pushing out weekly updates and making smaller, incremental changes as we figure things out – as such we’ve been fairly conservative (particularly with the dungeon changes) knowing that we can easily make further adjustments with the following week’s update.

While I believe that this patch is a good start, I still think there’s a few things missing that we hope to address in the next few weeks. In the short term we will be working on adding dungeons with brand new rewards to go alongside them, as well as keeping up these regular weekly balance changes. In the longer term we’ll be making plans for new gear, dungeons/raids, custom content etc. as we become more efficient and learn to work better with the growing dev team.

Finally, I just want to say that your feedback means a lot to us – I think a lot of us have experienced the frustration of feeling ignored by Bluehole/Gameforge/EME as we slowly watched the game die. I’m often lurking in the menma discord, and failing that my DMs are always open (although I can’t promise I’ll reply…). Ultimately we want to make the game as enjoyable as possible, and knowing how you feel is instrumental in doing so.

Thank you,
Serth

---

Hello everyone,

Serth covered most of the points I wanted to bring up but I wanted to make some comments as well, so here they are.
It’s been quite a busy week for us as new CMs trying to get settled in and push out better content for you guys.

We were hoping to bring you some new dungeon content this week, but unfortunately due to technical and time constraints we were unable to do this for this weeks patch. We understand much of the community has gotten weary of the existing content and we will do our best to address this at soon as we can.
Be patient with us. We hear and understand your concerns.

I’d like to give special thanks to the player council, the beta testers, and other notable contributors who have been helping us with discussion and testing of changes.
They have all volunteered dozens of hours to help us do the discussion/testing required to get these and future changes out to you guys.

Those of you who have been working with me throughout the last week know I have been spending an unhealthy amount of hours answering your concerns. I hope I am showing you how much I care that each and every one of you are heard, and how much I value efficient communication with our community.

Although this patch may not look like much, the majority of the work that’s been done in the background will hit live in the upcoming patches. Many changes require a lot of quality assurance and balancing before we allow it to see the live servers.

To conclude, I would like to reiterate: Be patient with us. We hear and understand your concerns.

We are all tera players at the end of the day, and we want to make this server the best it can be.

Thank you,
Icha