---
title: MT The Dream 1.1.1 - Hotfixes (Part 1)
date: 2022-07-12
description: Patch Notes – MT The Dream 1.1.1
---
On this maintenance, a part of scheduled hotfixes have been added. More hotfixes will be coming in the following days.
<hr/>

### General
- Reverted Reaper Starting Area to Ashen Hope.
- Character deleting timer is now normally set to 24 hours over level 50.
- Updated some skill tooltips to more accurately display skill descriptions.
- Stepstone Island quest that required the use of Bravery Potion, now requires Strong Bravery Potion instead, to avoid issues with Menma’s Multi Nostrum.
- The Dungeon Ranking Season 11 is over and rewards have been distributed.
- Readjusted the Kaia’s Anvil quest to require only the Gossamer Vault (Hard) Dungeon.

<hr/>

### Dungeons & PvE 
- **Bahaar**
  - Reduced Bahaar’s HP by 20% on both phases.
  - Adjusted the Phase 1 crit resist to 210.
  - Bahaar will no longer be permanently enraged.
- **Ruinous Manor (Hard)**
  - Reduced Lachelith’s HP by 20%.
  -  the back tail damage by 30%.
  - Reduced Lachelith’s Attack Speed by 25% (Note: This is a revert to what the attack speed of Lachelith was before patch 1.1).
- **Forbidden Arena [Hagufna]**
  - Reduced shield from 800m, to 500m.
  - Reduced overall damage by 15%.
  - Reduced Hagufna’s HP by 30%.
- **Bathysmal Rise (Hard)**
  - Reduced last boss HP by 30%.
- **Akerno’s Inferno (Hard)**
  - Reduced Nightmare Sammar-Sarral (3rd boss) overall damage by 20%.
- **Ravenous Gorge**
  - Reduced all bosses HP by 15%.
  - Reduced all bosses attacks by 30%.

<hr/>

### Skill Changes
- Archer
  - Rain of Arrows should no longer split damage.
- Berserker
  - Readjusted Unleash cooldown to 3 minutes 40 seconds