---
title: Menma’s TERA 1.0.8
date: 2022-06-02   
description: Patch Notes – Menma’s TERA 1.0.8
---

### Miscellaneous
- Maximum guild size has been increased to 35.
- All inactive accounts that did not log in since January 1st, 2022, have had their character names freed. Approximately 800 names have been freed.
- All Characters of level 70 have received 1x Eternal Gear Token Box on their Parcel Post.
- Fishing Rods have been temporarily disabled due to them being used to escape knockdown state with no cooldown. They will be fixed and brought back at a later patch.
- Readjusted chances of Golden Halidoms and Relics drops on Manaya’s Core (Hard).

<hr/>

### Battleground Changes
- Gridiron, Kumasylum, Wintera Snowfield, The Colosseum (3v3), Monkeydrome, Kumas Royale have been disabled.
- Fraywind Canyon has been temporarily disabled due to an issue with gathering points and will be brought back as soon as we are able to fix it.
        
<hr/>

### Battleground Leaderboards
- PvP Leaderboards will now reset every 2 weeks instead of a month.
- Shore-Hold Leaderboards have been disabled.
- Readjusted the rank 1 rewards per class (previously the ranking rewards were not consistent across different battlegrounds).

<hr/>

### Battleground Leaderboards’ Ranking Rewards (All Classes)
- Rank 1 will now receive “Darkan’s Black Wings” for 14 days, usable during combat as well.
- Ranks 2-3 will receive “Darkan’s Wings” for 14 days, usable during combat as well.
- Corsairs’ Stronghold Rank 1 on all classes will receive 5000 Tikat as well.

<hr/>

### Corsairs’ Stronghold Adjustments

- Can now queue with a party of 5 members (maximum 1 healer on party).
- All Gates HP values have been increased by 350%.
- The Anchorstone’s HP value has been increased by 200%.
- The Siege Cannon’s HP value has been increased by 150%.
- The Siege Cannon’s Damage value has been increased by 100%.
- The Normal (non-movable) Cannon’s HP value has been increased by 100%.
- The Normal (non-movable) Cannon’s Damage value has been increased by 150%.
- The Bomb’s Damage has been adjusted to 200k fixed damage from previous 140k.
- The Vanguard reward is now giving 300 Vanguard Credits (600 with Tera Club) compared to previous 250.
- Added a new item on the vanguard reward, which when opened, can give up to 1000 Tikat.