---
title: Menma’s TERA 1.4.1 – Hotfixes
date: 2022-12-18
description: Patch Notes – Menma’s TERA 1.4.1
---
PVE Content Changes
-------------------

Events
------

-   Fixed Wintera not awarding Wintera tokens. Wintera now awards 50 tokens via vanguard quest.
-   Fixed Christmas Map Treasures to be party-wide rather than rolled for.
-   Fat Santa loot updated.

Dungeons
--------

#### The Plexus

-   Decreased Nightmare Shandra Manaya's HP from 50.6 billion to 47.5 billion.
-   Changed Nightmare Shandra Manaya's spawn location to the center of the room.
-   Nightmare Shandra Manaya will not aggro until attacked.
-   Fixed issue where Nightmare Shandra Manaya would not drop aggro if people were outside the arena.

#### Forbidden Arena

-   Forbidden Arena and both versions of Forbidden Arena (Undying Warlord) now drop Wintera Tokens as party loot:

-   FA (Hagufna) and FA (Undying Warlord) drop 20 tokens each.
-   FA (Nightmare Undying Warlord) drops 40 tokens.

Classes
-------

#### Mystic

-   Corrected issue involving unintended behaviour of skill advancement on Titanic Favor.

#### Ninja

-   Decreased attack modifier on Darklight/Kaia's Wisdom Shurikens from 53753 to 52090.

#### Lancer

-   Decreased attack modifier on Annihilation/Kaia's Fury Lances from 56259 to 52884.

#### Berserker

-   Decreased attack modifier on Annihilation/Kaia's Fury Axes from 62352 to 58226.
-   Fixed an issue in which Bloodlust's 'Mock' skill advancement was not applying the correct base cooldown of 73 seconds.
-   Bloodlust's 'Mock' skill advancement no longer stacks with healer debuff.

#### Warrior

-   Fixed Assault Stance tooltip.

#### Archer

-   Fixed Howling String tooltip.

*Note that all changes are a WIP and subject to change as further data is gathered. *

Crafting/Gathering
------------------

#### Gathering

-   Fixed Duranium gathering achievements.
-   Fixed Obsidian Essence/Normal ore essence bundle names.

#### Fishing

-   Fixed issue involving some fishing spots being unusable.
-   Fixed issues with using rank 9 and 10 fishing rods.

#### Cooking

-   Increased the maximum stack size of Sashimi to 100,000.
-   Kamaboko is now properly usable.

Miscellaneous
-------------

-   Dark Punk Racer boxes now give the correct costume to male Castanic characters.
-   Fixed some of the issues with new costumes crashing the client and not loading correctly.
-   Removed Highwatch quest "Ways of Highwatch Guards".