---
title: MT The Dream 1.2.1 – Jewellery And More…
date: 2022-10-11
description: Patch Notes – MT The Dream 1.2.1
---

## Dungeon Changes

### New Dungeons

The following dungeons have been added:

- Forbidden Arena [Undying Warlord] – Item level 480.
- Forbidden Arena [Nightmare Undying Warlord] – Item level 490.
- Rampaging RK-9 Kennel – Item level 490.

Dungeons can be accessed via the Vanguard menu or from teleport scrolls in the Specialty Store.<br>
Unique rewards covered in the gear section below.

### Dungeon Adjustments

- Ghilleglade:
  - Added Dragonwing Scales and Item XP +10% to the drop table.

<hr/>

## Achievements

- Added 77x clear achievements + titles to the following dungeons:
- Draakon Arena (Hard) – Avenger
- Manaya’s Core (Hard) – Noble
- Ruinous Manor (Hard) – Broken

- Added the following achievements to Forbidden Arena :
  - The hagufna costume set comes from the completion of all the achievements.
   - Pulling Back the Veil:
     - Defeat Hagufna in the Forbidden Arena within 4 minutes.
   - Endless Nightmare:
     - Receive Infused Ominous Aura 30 times in the Forbidden Arena.
   - Get It Off Me!:
     - Receive Encroaching Terror 30 times in the Forbidden Arena.
   - Aren’t You Tired Yet?:
     - Defeat Hagufna in the Forbidden Arena 77 times.
   - Complete this achievement to obtain Smart Box: Hagufna’s Body Armor.
   - You Should Have Listened To Me From The Start:
     - Complete all other Forbidden Arena (Hagufna) Achievements.
   - Who’s Next?:
     - Defeat Undying Warlord in the Forbidden Arena [Undying Warlord] 50 times.
   - Forbidden Arena Is My Home:
     - Obtain by completing “Are you tired yet?” and “Who’s Next?” achievements.
     - Complete this achievement to obtain Hagufna’s Greatsword.
   - “Flight Master” achievement Interact with flying objects 50,000 times in Guardian Legion flight missions. – adjusted to 20,000 times.

<hr/>

## Leaderboard Changes

- The following dungeons will have leaderboards in the upcoming season:
  - Draakon Arena (Hard)
  - Forbidden Arena [Nightmare Undying Warlord]
  - Rampaging RK-9 Kennel
  - Manaya’s Core (Hard) (Last boss only)
  - Sky Cruiser Endeavor (Hard) (Second and Last boss only)
- Statues in Highwatch will be awarded to the #1 ranking party for Draakon Arena (Hard). 
- Statues no longer appear outside Bahaar’s entrance.

<hr/>

## Gear Changes

#### New Accessory upgrades

- Radiant earrings can now upgrade into Agaia equivalents.

#### New Upgrade materials

- Corrupted Beryl:
  - Used to upgrade Radiant Earrings.
  - Can be obtained from Forbidden Arena [Undying Warlord], Forbidden Arena [Nightmare Undying Warlord].

#### Accessory infusions

- Earth Circlet Resizing Stone:
  - Used to infuse Agaia Circlets.
  - Can be obtained from Rampaging RK-9 Kennel.
  - Potential options reduced dramatically.
- Wind Earring Resizing Stone:
  - Used to infuse Agaia Earrings.
  - Can be obtained from Forbidden Arena [Nightmare Undying Warlord].
  - Potential options reduced dramatically.

<hr/>

### Class Changes
- Brawler
   - Fixed Pummel EP
   - Fixed Almighty Rampage EP
   - Fixed Brawler DPS Talyph
- Archer
   - Reduced base cooldown of Windsong to 85 seconds from 90.
- Warrior
   - Warriors are not unable to change into [Assault Stance] while Traverse Cut buff is active.

<hr/>

### Events
- Summer Festival Titles
  - The summer festival titles will be given away to all characters who logged in during the previous month in a later maintenance.

- Harvest Festival Hall
  - The beloved Harvest Festival Hall event is here for the month of October in celebration of Halloween, and will be active from October 11th until November 11th.
  - Playing the Minigame will grant [Halloween Candy] which you can exchange with the Ellonia NPC in Highwatch. 

<hr/>

### Miscellaneous Changes
- Battered Oath Tokens are now able to be sold directly to merchants.
- Bespoke Exodor gear boxes are now able to be sold directly to merchants.
- Relidom boxes are now able to be sold directly to merchants.
- Removed Crit Resist Factor as a possible line on Battered Oath gear.
- Divine Infusions are now able to be used with pets.
- Increased Vanguard Quest daily cap to 32 from 16.
- Adjusted vanguard request milestone rewards.
- Added new rewards for daily and weekly Vanguard completions.
- Introduced another [Premium Benefit: Menma’s Strong Multinostrum]:
  - Provides same effects as Menma’s Brave Multinostrum but replaces Bravery - potion effect with Strong Canephora effects.
- Added Ghillieglade Teleport Scrolls to Vanguard Supply.
- Adjusted training crab resistances.
- Refactored combat algorithms and class emulation systems to provide enhanced responsiveness and fluidity of gameplay.
- Implemented dynamic calculation and real-time monitoring of client-server interaction to hyper-realistically emulate low-latency conditions while providing stable-stability and fast-fastyness.

<hr/>

### Bugfixes

- Fixed item level of Agaia Circlet.
- Electrum Plate crafting recipe now correctly requires Master processing.
- Fixed achievements for reaching level 60 not applying correctly.
- Fixed infusions not being searchable in the Brokerage.