---
title: MT The Dream 1.8.1 – Hotfixes
date: 2023-03-25
description: Patch Notes – MT The Dream 1.8.1 – Hotfixes
---

Adventurers, a new patch is coming!

Battle Pass: Season II
----------------------

-   Added Kaia's Endless Fight (15v15) to [Battle Pass] Battleground Mission Ticket.
-   Adjusted the Novice Dungeon Mission icons to help players to easily distinguish between Novice and Expert missions in their inventory.
-   Combining [Battle Pass] Battleground Token with their respective mission now correctly gives Menma's PvP Hero Fragments.

Battleground Changes
--------------------

#### Leaderboard

Achieving 1st, 2nd or 3rd place on the leaderboard now rewards a unique title!

##### Champions' Skyring (3v3)

-   -   Rank 1: Skyring's Salvation
    -   Rank 2~3: Courageous Champion

##### Corsair's Stronghold (15v15)

-   -   Rank 1: Corsair's Cavalry
    -   Rank 2~3: Stronghold Savior

##### Shore Hold (10v10)

-   -   Rank 1: Hero of the Hold
    -   Rank 2~3: Salvation of the Shore

#### Kaia's Endless Fight (15v15)

-   There is now a limit of 4 healers.
-   Changed availability to the following:
    -   Friday: 18:00 ~ 2:00 (UTC)
    -   Saturday: 18:00 ~ 2:00 (UTC)
-   Fixed an issue where the following items could not be used:
    -   Bravery Potion
    -   Canephora Potion
    -   Everful Nostrum
    -   Hot Fish Buffet
    -   Prime Battle Solution
    -   Rejuvenation Potion
    -   Salty Fish Buffet
    -   Spicy Fish Buffet
    -   Strong Bravery Potion
    -   Strong Canephora
    -   Superior Noctenium Elixir

Bug Fixes
---------

-   Certain buddy-up strings are no longer in Chinese.
-   Fixed an issue where Shadow Reaping had a 15s duration instead of 23.4s as intended.
-   Fixed the tooltip with the latest Reaper EP.
-   Guild Rally boxes now have names.
-   The Antaroth's Abyss (Hard) mission now correctly mentions rewarding an Expert Token after completion.
-   The Cannon pet from Corsair's Stronghold is now a Mythic grade item.