---
title: MT The Dream 2.2.0.1 - Emergency Hotfix
date: 2023-10-19
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

[PvE] Dungeon Changes
---------------------

#### Demon's Wheel

-   Fixed a bug which prevented completion of the associated Vanguard Request.

#### Grotto of Lost Souls (Hard)

-   Fixed a bug which caused Neophyte Resuscitation to have 999 uses.

-   No longer shows Velik's Sanctuary (Hard) pet boxes as possible loot on the Instance Match window.

-   Now properly shows Airborne Kylos pet box as possible loot on the Instance Match window.

#### Velik's Sanctuary (Hard)

-   Now properly shows Perimos pet box as possible loot on the Instance Match window.

[Event] Gourdo's Ghoulish Gala
------------------------------

Event Period: October 19th, 2023 ~ November 21st, 2023

-   You can no longer get Halloween Candy from the quest "Cannons and Candy".

-   Replaced Halloween Candy with Gourdo's Gala Coin when opening a Halloween Trick Box.

-   Now properly shows Gourdo's Gala Coin as possible loot on the Instance Match window.

[Event] Battle Pass: Season III
-------------------------------

Event Period: October 19th, 2023 ~ December 19th, 2023

More detailed information about Battle Pass: Season III will be coming soon.

-   Fixed an issue which prevented Battle Pass Missions from being completed.

-   Fixed an issue where Battle Pass Vanguard Requests could not be completed.

-   Updated icons used for both fragments and tokens.

General Content
---------------

-   Added Grotto of Lost Souls to the dungeon gates in Balderon.

-   Reverted the previous change that allowed Smilecrackers to be used in Battlegrounds.

#### Achievements

-   Moved Grotto of Lost Souls and Grotto of Lost Souls (Hard) achievements to their correct category.

-   Fixed the tooltip for the achievement "Another Day, Another Demon".