---
title: Menma’s TERA 2.2.2.1 - Emergency Hotfixes
date: 2023-11-08
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

Class Changes
-------------

#### Brawler

-   Mounting Rage

-   [PvE ─ Dungeons] Fixed a bug which caused the skill to not generate maximum Rage on cast when multiple Brawlers are in the same party after our [previous change](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zeoxqkM8DOJi97d3FK3vcBhGpSf18KfDhGwtVYrWybY/edit#heading=h.qh120qpykfhn) to the skill.

-   Note that the change to Mounting Rage works in all Level 68+ party dungeons with the exception of Demon's Wheel. It does not work in Ace Dungeons, Ghillieglade or Training Grounds.

#### Lancer

-   Adrenaline Rush

-   March Advancement

-   No longer affects Spring Attack.

-   Spring Attack

-   [PvP] Reduced damage by 50% while a Disciplinary, Harmonic or Impregnable weapon is equipped.

[Event] Gourdo's Ghoulish Gala
------------------------------

Event Period: October 19th, 2023 ~ November 21st, 2023

#### Harvest Festival Hall

-   Reintroduced instance matching.

[PvP] Rally Changes
-------------------

#### Enraged Tantibus & Enraged Kumas

-   Loot is now distributed based on raid contribution.

-   Rank 1

-   5,000x Astrum Coin

-   20x Dawn Box (Untradeable)

-   20x Dusk Box (Untradeable)

-   30x Sky Coin (Untradeable)

-   Rank 2

-   3,500x Astrum Coin

-   10x Dawn Box (Untradeable)

-   10x Dusk Box (Untradeable)

-   25x Sky Coin (Untradeable)

-   Rank 3

-   1,500x Astrum Coin

-   5x Dawn Box (Untradeable)

-   5x Dusk Box (Untradeable)

-   15x Sky Coin (Untradeable)

-   Rank 4 & Rank 5

-   1,500x Astrum Coin

-   2x Dawn Box (Untradeable)

-   2x Dusk Box (Untradeable)

Design Note: After our last patch, we received a lot of negative feedback regarding the change to last-hit loot distribution. Many felt that their time was wasted when they came and received nothing for participating. We understand that many didn't like the change, so we've reverted it. We wanted to have both raid contribution and final hit rewarded, but we ran into system limitations in doing so. We'll continue to look into different ways to handle Rally loot in the future.

[PvP] Battleground Changes
--------------------------

#### Fraywind Canyon

-   Now the first option when opening the Battleground Matching window.