---
title: Menma’s TERA 2.2.5 - Snowstorm on the Horizon
date: 2023-11-30
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

Foreword
--------

#### PvE

(Icha/Hail) This patch is focused on balancing and cleaning up some loose ends. Oftentimes, balancing takes a significant amount of our development cycle. At the end of the day, the changes we make are usually within a limited margin, which only ends up affecting a rather small portion of our community. On top of that, balancing is also a lose-lose as we're working in a situation where classes with the best results tend to have more data- "punishing" players who tried while "not punishing" those who didn't. Going forward, we believe that focusing more of our time on creating new content is more important than spending an unbeknownst amount of time on balancing.

We have a winter patch coming up which will be released in the following weeks. We ask for your patience while we finalize the patch and add some finishing touches. Until then, this patch is aimed to clean up loose ends with the 2.0~2.2 patch cycle, including things we didn't have time to get to in the past. Because of this, changes may look fragmented or "out of place" due to the housecleaning style of trajectory we took with fixes.

[PvE] Dungeon Changes
---------------------

#### Antaroth's Abyss

-   Antaroth

-   Reduced HP by 15.5% (35.5b → 30b).

-   Reduced Attack by 11.8%.

#### Timescape

-   Hemera

-   Reduced HP by 12.5% (24b → 21b).

-   Reduced Attack by 15%.

-   Reduced Attack Speed by 10%.

Design Note: We've noticed a difficulty spike with both Antaroth (of Antaroth's Abyss) and Hemera (of Timescape). To alleviate the issues new and returning players are facing, we've applied a few tweaks to make them more manageable (and in the case of Hemera, less chaotic). This will make both dungeons more palatable.

Class Changes
-------------

#### Archer

-   Thunderbolt

-   [PvP] Reload EP now works against players.

-   This is a reversion of our [previous change](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jtf1xOh-raSwaxycMf-6ZSwkzA2oKCkxRpfRGbcGBfE/edit#heading=h.9w7i26vcmci) made in Patch 2.2.

#### Ninja

-   [PvE] Reduced overall damage by 2%.

#### Berserker

-   Triumphant Shout

-   [PvP]  You can now avoid the stagger effect with any i-frame skill.

#### Mystic

-   Warding Totem

-   You can now cancel the ending animation by walking as the totem appears.

-   This change has been tested to work on all publicly available Skill Emulation mods, but if yours does not support it you'll need to contact the mod's author to fix it.

Design Note: While Ninja was obviously leading the pack in many scenarios, we feel that Berserker was only overperforming with specific fight times. For a leaderboard setting, we have no evidence currently that the class can pull this off in general due to the fact the fight would be too fast. A fight time that is too fast and isn't "padded" results in Berserker not being able to end on Unleash. With that said, we don't feel that we can nerf Berserker in a clear conscience right now. We share the same sentiment for many other classes, which is the cause of the fairly light balance log this time around. We'll be keeping a close eye on how classes perform after these changes and make further adjustments as necessary.

General Content
---------------

#### Gourdo's Ghoulish Gala

-   Ellonia, the Gala Coin Trade NPC, has been removed. Thank you for participating in the event!

-   Unfortunately if you didn't make your trades, your Gala Coins can no longer be used. You can hold onto them as a souvenir or discard them.

#### Fishing

-   The notorious "Fishing Canceled." issue has been fixed. To accomplish this, we've had to make various changes to the Baldera District fishing ponds:

-   All fishing items found in the Spring of Arun fishery have been moved to the Balderon Pond.

-   The Spring of Arun fishery has been removed.

-   The source of the Golden Ticket has been moved.

-   Where to? You'll have to find out! The only hint we'll give is to check where the achievement is located.

#### Open World

-   Baldera District

-   Reduced all monster's HP by 30 ~ 50%.

-   The exact amount varies depending on what type of monster it is, such as BAM, elite monster, normal monster, quest-related, etc.

-   Island of Dawn

-   Reduced Karascha's HP by 40%.

-   Doubled the BAM Vanguard Reward.

-   Increased [Party Recommended] Corrupted Souls Never Rest's Quest Reward by 10 Dawn Tokens.

-   The Dawn Token Shop has been adjusted as follows:

-   Care and Use of Your Pet Aqua Theron costs 500 → 200 Dawn Tokens

-   Care and Use of Your Pet Ignis Theron costs 500 → 200 Dawn Tokens

-   Riding Skill: Dawn Lupus Noctus costs 500 → 350 Dawn Tokens

-   Riding Skill: Dawn Mare costs 500 → 350 Dawn Tokens

-   All 0.12 Innerwear have been removed

[PvP] Rally Changes
-------------------

#### [NEW!] Sacred Noruk (Friday)

-   Replaces Enraged Kumas.

-   The following rank(s) gain additional reward(s):

-   Rank 1 additionally receives 18x Lunar Flower.

-   Rank 2 additionally receives 14x Lunar Flower.

-   Rank 3 additionally receives 10x Lunar Flower.

#### Enraged Tantibus (Tuesday)

-   Now spawns at 6:30 PM UTC.

-   The following rank(s) gain additional reward(s):

-   Rank 1 additionally receives 18x Lunar Flower.

-   Rank 2 additionally receives 14x Lunar Flower.

-   Rank 3 additionally receives 10x Lunar Flower.

Miscellaneous
-------------

-   Hid deprecated Island of Dawn reputations from profile.

-   Moved Kumasylum and Iron Battleground achievements to the Legacy section.

-   Moved all Dungeon-reputation related achievements to the Legacy section.

-   Moved the Balderon Magic Materials Merchant beside the main Merchant.

-   Moved "Live by the Battleground, Die by the Battleground" achievement to the Corsair's Stronghold section.

-   Reduced the Cooldown of the Hydrangea Teleport Scroll from 5 → 1 minute.

-   Reduced the price of Empty Refined Mana Essence, Veil's Flame, Metallic Scale, Corrupted Beryl and Ruined Medallion Chests from 200,000 → 50,000 Gold.

-   Removed deprecated Island of Dawn reputation as a reward from Island of Dawn quests.

-   Removed the Bank option from Velika Outskirts Cleric as the Velika Outskirts Hall has been populated with all relevant NPCs multiple patches ago.

-   The following items can now be stored in the bank:

-   Apple Bundle

-   Azart Elixir

-   Azure Essence Bundle

-   Cobala Ore Bundle

-   Cobseed Bundle

-   Crimson Essence Bundle

-   Earth Essence Bundle

-   Galborne Ore Bundle

-   Hidden Bronze Crate

-   Hidden Gold Crate

-   Hidden Silver Crate

-   Misrile Ore Bundle

-   Moongourd Pulp Bundle

-   Mushroom Cap Bundle

-   Naga Guard's Belongings

-   Obsidian Essence Bundle

-   Opal Essence Bundle

-   Shadmetal Ore Bundle

-   Smart Box: Charcoal Gray Cardigan School Uniform

-   Smart Box: Checkered Sailor Look

-   Smart Box: Ivory Cardigan School Uniform

-   Smart Box: Ribbon Sailor Look

-   Veridia Plant Bundle

-   Xermetal Ore Bundle

-   The following items can now be traded:

-   All 2.0 mounts from the Astrum Coin Shop

-   Both 1.5 Dragons from Dragon Scales

-   Legendary Mount Token

Bug Fixes
---------

-   Corrected tooltips of Civil Unrest Mounts in the Russian, German and French languages.

-   Corrected tooltips of Summon: Pargo and Summon: Schwab NPC Scrolls in the Russian language.

-   Fixed an issue where Demon's Wheel achievements were still shown in the Southern Shara section.