---
title: MT The Dream 2.3.5
date: 2024-03-11
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

[Event] Paesyn's Valentines Splash
----------------------------------

Event Period: The event has ended. Thank you for participating!

Sunset Period: March 12 ~ March 19

-   You can no longer obtain [Event] Monster Pieces from vanguards.

-   All other parts of the event will remain active until the end of the "Sunset Period": March 19th.

-   Use this time to fish with the last of your [Event] Monster Pieces, obtain the last [Event] Waterlogged Letters needed for reward(s) you want, or trade with other players!

Classes
-------

#### Berserker

-   Fiery Rage

-   Reduced base cooldown from 50 → 35 seconds.

-   No longer receives extra cooldown reduction while under the effects of Intimidation.

#### Ninja

-   Burning Heart

-   [PvP: Fraywind Canyon, Gridiron, Shore Hold] Fixed an issue made in a [previous nerf](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19cf6PzyQ6fJ_M1cDH-n6ta2q7AZkZPGI84XpSK1eHqw/edit#heading=h.qh120qpykfhn) which erroneously reduced damage by an additional 10%.

-   Harmonious Burning Heart

-   [PvP: Fraywind Canyon, Gridiron, Shore Hold] Fixed an issue made in a [previous nerf](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19cf6PzyQ6fJ_M1cDH-n6ta2q7AZkZPGI84XpSK1eHqw/edit#heading=h.qh120qpykfhn) which erroneously reduced damage by an additional 30%.

#### Reaper

-   Cable Step

-   [PvP] Skill cooldown reduction while under the effects of Shadow Reaping reduced from 70% → 43%.

#### Warrior

-   Battle Cry

-   [PvP] Now guaranteed to stun the closest target within 2.5 meters.

-   You cannot stun players with stun immunity, for example provided by Guardian Sanctuary or Tenacity.

-   Backstab

-   [PvP] Decreased stun duration while under the effects of Defensive Stance by 50%.

-   This reduces the base stun duration from 2.6 → 1.3 seconds.

[PvP] Battlegrounds
-------------------

#### Gridiron

-   Increased the damage buff for all classes from 3.5% → 15%.

-   Reduced the amount of tank classes needed from 2 ~ 3 → 1 ~ 2 per team.

-   Changed the Barrier Monolith effect as follows:

-   OLD: Increased Power by 50%.

-   NEW: Increases Skill Damage by 20%.

Miscellaneous
-------------

-   Adjusted the Astrum Coin shop.

-   Added Bad Wolf costume.

-   Swapped various cosmetics that were using a different region's name.

-   These cosmetics are still available, but with a different name for consistency.

-   Removed duplicate weapon skins.

-   Removed duplicate back, face and hair accessories.

#### Bug Fixes

-   Fixed a clipping issue with Dyeable Angel Wings.