---
title: MT The Dream 2.3.3
date: 2024-02-08
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

[Event] Paesyn's Valentines Splash
----------------------------------

Event Period: February 9 ~ February 23

-   While on a routine journey on the Federation's Sky Cruiser, Zolyn dropped Paesyn's box of poems off the ship! All of his beautifully written letters plummeted straight into the Scythera Fae Fishery!

-   Now, what's more attracted to the words of love than the remains of monsters..? Complete dungeons to obtain [Event] Monster Pieces, which you can use in the Scythera Fae Fishery to obtain [Event] Waterlogged Letter! Return these letters to Paesyn in exchange for exclusive items!

-   Both the [Event] Monster Pieces and [Event] Waterlogged Letter can be traded with other players, and even added to the Trade Broker! Show your love (or economic prowess) by working together to save as many of Paesyn's poems as possible!

-   You can get rewards such as:

-   2024 Valentines Title Token ("Master Baiter")

-   Smart Box: Dyeable Sailor Dress

-   Smart Box: Sailor Dress

-   Dyeable Heart Bow

-   Heart Aura

-   Heart Stickers

-   Pinned-up Hairstyle (Face Slot)

-   Pinned-up Hairstyle (Hair Slot)

Design Note: For a while now, our events have followed the same design principles. Instead of doing the same thing this time around, we wanted to try something different and experiment. You're able to trade some event items (specifically the bait and token, not the reward items). This, paired with how the shop has been set up this time around, we hope will encourage players to change how they engage with our events and the impact they have on the server. Do you want to sell the bait/tokens from the start, try to clear out the entire shop, or maybe just get a few things you like the most and sell the rest of your bait/tokens? We'll keep a close eye on how this event goes and make adjustments to both this event and potential future ones as necessary.

Class Changes
-------------

#### Archer

-   Close Quarters

-   [PvP: Open World]  Increased base cooldown from 9 → 10 seconds.

-   Incendiary Trap Arrow

-   [PvP] Increased damage by 20%.

-   Penetrating Arrow

-   [PvP] Increased damage by 10%.

-   Rain of Arrows

-   [PvP] Reverted a previous change which reduced the damage of the skill during Windsong by 15%.

-   Fixed an issue which caused the "super armor" effect to remain for a short period after walk canceling it.

-   Rapid Fire

-   [PvP] Increased damage by 20%.

-   Note: Empowered Rapid Fire (Windsong variant) will not be affected by this change.

-   Restraining Arrow

-   Removed Glyph of Sapping.

-   Sequential Fire

-   Changed the Skill Advancement effect as follows:

-   OLD: 50% chance to increase damage by 100%.

-   NEW: 100% chance of increasing damage by 50%.

-   Stunning Trap

-   Removed Glyph of Lingering.

-   Reduced base stun duration from 4 → 3 seconds.

-   Reduced base cooldown from 30 → 20 seconds.

-   Reduced trap's duration from 20 → 10 seconds.

-   Thunderbolt

-   [PvP] Increased damage by 10%.

-   [PvP] Reduced base cooldown from 35 → 25 seconds.

-   [PvP] Disabled the "Reload" enhancement.

-   [PvP] Damage is no longer split between targets.

Design Note: As stated in previous patch notes, we've been wanting to bring Archer to a more healthy spot. These changes are going to shift Archer's strengths away from their combo and into front loaded damage. This'll also make the class more viable in teamfight scenarios. The slow "double kick" combo, which caused a lot of Archer players to be able to kill any class from full HP, will no longer be possible. Instead, we'll see a lot of faster execution combos, both new and old, in play. We'll be paying close attention to the class's performance and make further adjustments as necessary.

#### Gunner

-   Blast

-   Changed the Glyph of Swiftness effect as follows:

-   OLD: 20% chance to increase Attack Speed by 18.5% for 10 seconds.

-   NEW: 30% chance to increase Attack Speed by 13.5% for 10 seconds.

-   Above values are based on the Superior Glyph, which everyone should have. However, the Common Glyph has also been adjusted accordingly.

-   Bombardment

-   Increased the chance of the Outrage Enhancement effect applying per hit from 30% → 100% at the final rank.

-   Burst Fire

-   Increased the chance of the Force Enhancement effect applying per hit from 26% → 38% at final rank.

-   Remote Trigger

-   Changed the Skill Advancement effect as follows:

-   OLD: 50% chance to increase damage by 34%.

-   NEW: 100% chance to increase damage by 17%.

#### Mystic

-   Mass Teleport

-   Fixed an issue which caused the Glyph of Selfishness to occasionally still teleport allies, even after our previous fix.

#### Ninja

-   Smoke Bomb

-   Fixed an issue which caused the caster to be able to iframe the invulnerability buff provided by the skill.

#### Priest

-   Divine Charge

-   Each level of Divine Charge now gives you and all affected allies Crit Factor for the effect duration:

-   Divine Charge I: +8 Crit Factor

-   Divine Charge II: +10 Crit Factor

-   Divine Charge III: +12 Crit Factor

-   Divine Charge IV: +16 Crit Factor

-   Edict of Judgment

-   [PvP] Fixed an issue which caused Guardian Sanctuary to remain locked if the effect was dispelled while wearing PvP gear for the remaining duration Edict of Judgment would have lasted.

-   Reduced the amount of Crit Factor provided from 36 → 20.

#### Slayer

-   Energy Rush (In Cold Blood Passive)

-   [PvP] Fixed an issue which caused stacks to be reset upon hitting any of Mystic's thralls.

PvP Content
-----------

#### Civil Unrest

-   Removed Battle Marks merchant.

-   Removed Battle Marks from Civil Unrest BAM loot.

#### Rally: Sacred Noruk (Friday)

-   Spawn time moved from 8 PM UTC → 7 PM UTC.

[Event] Blitz Barrage
---------------------

-   The event has ended, and as such all parts of it have been disabled. Thank you for participating!

General Content
---------------

#### Training Grounds

-   Brawlers now gain maximum rage from Mounting Rage, just like dungeons.

-   Warriors now have a 100% chance to activate their Swift glyph  while out of combat, just like dungeons.

Miscellaneous
-------------

-   Adjusted the placement of the Dyeable, Black, Heart and Yellow Bow on the new fox hair.

-   Reduced the delay between loot items appearing significantly.

-   If all party members are rolling / passing, the looting process should be ~85% faster than before.

#### Bug Fixes

-   Fixed an issue with the Ghost Axe enchantment glow.

-   Fixed an issue where the Elin Winter Jacket had a duplicate texture.

-   Fixed an issue which caused the Antaroth, Asgard, Atlantean, Forbidden Arena [Undying Warlord], Gardan, Golden Dragon, and Manaya costumes' back accessories to disappear.