---
title: MT The Dream 3.2.2
date: 2024-07-24
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

[PvP] Echoes of Argonea
-----------------------

-   Increased the maximum stack count of Argon Detection Totem from 20 → 9999.
-   The Cyasma Rejuvenation Potion can no longer be placed in a guild bank.
-   The Cyasma Health Potion can now be placed in a guild bank.

#### World Boss: Chrono Keeper

-   Increased the spawn delay when the server first starts from 2 hours → 8 hours.
-   Increased HP by 200%.

[PvP] Battlegrounds
-------------------

#### Leaderboards

-   The Hexatrophy item which is available from the Triumph Trophy and Victorious Trophy has been removed and replaced with a **"Ruler of the Battlefield"** title token.
-   Fixed an issue where the overall leaderboard ranking rewards in the Fraywind Canyon and Shore Hold were different than originally intended.

-   You can view the intended rewards by reading our [3.2 patch notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_cy3E-C4X41ebUsy7azdQSLU4pgI053m0T0CQVgHLSE/edit#heading=h.s5hgy37ob8yv).

Design Note: *We sincerely apologize for any confusion or inconvenience caused by the Hexatrophy item. This item was introduced some time ago, and our stance on titles and their effects have since changed. We believe that unique, exclusive titles and their effects should remain rare and valuable, so as to not devalue the effort that players put into earning them. Due to this, we have decided to exchange the Hexatrophy item with a unique title that will remain only available through the Triumph Trophy and Victorious Trophy.*