---
title: MT The Dream 3.0.1
date: 2024-04-04
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

[PvE] Veilbound Gear
--------------------

#### Conversion Recipes

-   Significantly increased the drop rate of Conversion Recipe: Veil Shard.

-   This item drops from Draakon Arena (Normal) and Gossamer Vault (Normal)

-   Greatly increased the drop rate of Conversion Recipe: Veil Fragment.

-   This recipe drops from Akalath Quarantine and Thaumetal Refinery (Hard)

-   Increased the drop rate of Conversion Recipe: Veil Orb.

-   This recipe drops from Draakon Arena (Hard) and Sanctuary's Ruins (Hard)

Design Note: We noticed players were hitting a wall from progressing beyond +7 due to recipe drop rates. The intent was for players to craft their Veil Dust into Veil Shards, but the lack of recipes made players seek alternative paths to progress. These adjustments to both +7 as well as higher tiers should help the issue, and we'll keep our eye on it and make further adjustments if necessary.

[PvE] Dungeon Changes
---------------------

#### Vanguard Requests

-   After completing all of your daily Vanguard Requests, all vanguards turn into an "overcapped" variant with lowered rewards. These rewards from "overcapped" Vanguard Requests have been adjusted as follows:

-   Ravenous Gorge

-   1,500 Gold

-   25 Elleon's Mark of Valor

-   RK-9 Kennel (Normal), Thaumetal Refinery (Normal)

-   3,000 Gold

-   50 Elleon's Mark of Valor

-   Draakon Arena (Normal), Gossamer Vault (Normal)

-   4,500 Gold

-   100 Elleon's Mark of Valor

-   Akalath Quarantine, Thaumetal Refinery (Hard)

-   6,000 Gold

-   125 Elleon's Mark of Valor

-   Draakon Arena (Hard), Sanctuary's Ruins (Hard)

-   7,500 Gold

-   150 Elleon's Mark of Valor

-   Fixed an issue where the Ravenous Gorge vanguard had an incorrect name after capping your Vanguard Requests.

Design Note: Instead of getting almost nothing when running out of Vanguard Requests, we have adjusted the "overcap" Vanguard Requests. This change will reduce the feeling of being actively discouraged from continuing to play after completing 16 Vanguard Requests, while not discouraging the use of alternate characters for Vanguard Reward Boxes.

#### Draakon Arena (Normal/Hard)

-   Fixed a visual issue with the puddle's effects.

#### Gossamer Vault (Normal)

-   You can now skip the Gossamer Regent cutscene.

#### Thaumetal Refinery (Normal/Hard)

-   Disabled an event which pulled your camera to focus on an NPC when walking from Birchback (first boss) to Lehnym (second boss).

-   Readded the minecart after defeating Lehnym and traveling to Gaaruksalk.

-   The teleportal still remains as an option, to the right of the minecart.

General Content
---------------

#### Achievements

-   Deprecated the following achievements;

-   Arun's Legacy reputation related

-   Intelligence Report related

-   Naslow's Treasure Map related

-   Achievements for reaching Level 60 for your class have been removed.

-   Fixed an issue which caused Thaumetal Refinery (Hard) achievements to be hidden.

#### Companions

-   Fixed an issue where the Bahaar pet was not correctly using the Frozen Bahaar model.

Miscellaneous
-------------

-   Removed the old Bloodshard materials from Civil Unrest boxes.

#### Bug Fixes

-   Fixed a LOD issue with the new Kitty Costumes and new Bunny Hairstyle.

-   Fixed an issue where the new Kitty Costumes on Elin occasionally appeared as a different costume.

-   Fixed an issue where the Russian translation was missing the title "Salty".