---
title: MT The Dream 1.1.2
date: 2022-08-01
authors:
  - name: Menma
excludeSearch: true
---
This week’s maintenance will come in 2 parts. First, this small part with some adjustments/fixes. <br>
Second will be coming towards the end of this week or next week’s Monday.
<hr/>

## General
- **Dressing Room** has finally been fixed and is now the recommended way of picking up and buying costumes.
- Increased all Keen IV Etchings Crit Factor from 22 to 24.
- Added the following items to the Elleon’s Mark of Valor Shop:
  - Federation Supply: *Rejuvenation Potion* for 10 Elleon’s Marks.
  - Federation Supply: *Divine Infusion* for 10 Elleon’s Marks.
- Added **Eren’s Key** to the Specialty Merchants for 15,000 gold.
  - *Note: Eren’s Key is basically Goddess’ Blessing.*

<hr/>

## Dungeons & PvE 
- Increased the amount of Kaia’s Gear Upgrade Materials dropping in the following dungeons:
  - Corrupted Skynest (Hard)
  - Manaya’s Core (Hard)
  - Sky Cruiser Endeavor (Hard)
  - Bahaar’s Sanctum
  - Ruinous Manor (Hard)
  - Bathysmal Rise (Hard)
  - Forbidden Arena [Hagufna]
### Loot Table
- Readjusted the loot table in the following Dungeons:
### **Sky Cruiser Endeavor (Hard)**
  - Removed Body Armor Etchings Pumped/Keen IV.
  - Footwear Etchings Pumped/Keen IV drop chance adjusted to 100%.
### **Manaya’s Core (Hard)**
  - Removed Zenobia’s Breeze *(It was not useful, will be reworked in the future)*.
  - Added Body Armor Etchings Pumped/Keen IV at a drop rate of 100%.
### **Ruinous Manor (Hard)**
  - Increased Lachelith’s Attack Speed by 15%.
  - Decrease duration of Lachelith’s debuff on players by 10 seconds.
### **Sky Cruiser Endeavor (Hard)**
  - Reduced Darkan’s Power by 10%.
### **Corrupted Skynest (Hard)**
  - Fixed a small issue with Curse of Kelsaik debuff not being applied on time.
### **Corrupted Skynest**
  - Increased Boss HP by 3-4~ Billion.
  - Increased the Blazing/Frostblade Avatar’s HP values by 85~%.

<hr/>

## Class Changes
### Slayer
  - Decreased In Cold Blood Cooldown by 5 seconds.
### Ninja
  - Removed Attunement’s Golden Tenacity. *(It was not supposed to be there)*

<hr/>

## Bug Fixes
- Fixed the 3-stat Superior Boots boxes for gunner dropping the wrong type of gear.
