---
title: MT The Dream 2.2.4 - As Night Grows Cold...
date: 2023-11-20
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

Foreword
--------

#### PvE

(Icha/Hail) Things on this front might be slowing down a bit to allow us to identify flaws in our processes so we can ship higher quality content. We're obviously continuing to work on content, and we'll be pushing it out for you guys to enjoy over time. It's important to keep in mind that we aren't a professional game development team, all of us are still learning what is and isn't working in real time while being hobbyists- some even learning code from scratch with us.

#### General

(Hail) We're currently looking into the "Fishing canceled." issue with the Spring of Arun fishery, but sadly we need more time to isolate the exact cause. I didn't want another patch to come and go with radio silence on this issue, and rather to shift to being more transparent with our position in the process. Aside from fixing issues, we have a lot in the pipeline that are at different stages of both conceptualization and development that I hope we can share with you soon.

#### PvP

(Icha) I'd like to apologize for the team's neglect of Champion's Skyring, I'm working with the team to get the ball rolling on this again. We plan more detailed changes soon, but we wanted to get a patch out ASAP to let you guys know that we didn't "forget" you. We'll be consulting with core members of the Champion's Skyring community to work with us to make sure we're putting our best foot forward.

Lastly, we also have a lot in store for other Battlegrounds as well as Open World content. We'll give more info soon, so stay tuned!

[PvE] Dungeon Changes
---------------------

#### Closed Dungeons

The following dungeons have closed their doors:

-   Demon's Wheel

-   Harvest Festival Hall

Class Changes
-------------

#### Mystic

-   Corruption Ring

-   Reduced the availability window of Infusion Ring from 15s → 5s.

-   Infusion Ring is the name of the ability that restores MP after a successful hit of Corruption Ring.

#### Ninja

-   Chakra Thrust

-   [PvP] Adjusted hitbox to reduce the potential of desyncs at close range (within 3m).

[Event] Gourdo's Ghoulish Gala
------------------------------

Event Period: October 19th, 2023 ~ November 21st, 2023

-   Gourdo has parted from Arborea... for now. NPCs related to Demon's Wheel, Harvest Festival Hall or the Gourdo's Ghoulish Gala have ended. Thank you for participating!

[Event] Battle Pass: Season III
-------------------------------

Event Period: October 19th, 2023 ~ December 19th, 2023

#### PvE

-   Adjusted the [Battle Pass] Mission Box as follows:

-   No longer provides 2x [Battle Pass] Mission: Demon's Wheel

-   Increased the amount of [Battle Pass] Novice Dungeon Mission Ticket by 2.

-   Removed Demon's Wheel from the [Battle Pass] Novice Dungeon Mission Ticket.

General Content
---------------

#### Achievements

-   Achievements related to the following dungeons have been moved to the Legacy section:

-   Demon's Wheel

-   Harvest Festival Hall

[PvP] Battleground Changes
--------------------------

#### Champion's Skyring

-   Increased the Vanguard Reward as follows:

-   Kaia's Sword Reputation Credits (1750 Credit Item) 1x → 2x

-   Champion's Spoils 1x → 2x

-   [NEW!] 20x Battleground Smilecracker

-   Battleground Smilecracker can only be used inside Battlegrounds. Normal Smilecrackers cannot be used in Battlegrounds.

-   Removed non-PvP accessory items from the Champion's Spoils drop table.

#### Fraywind Canyon

-   Re-enabled pre-made queue.

-   Healers now regenerate 500 MP every 5 seconds.

[PvP] Content Changes
---------------------

-   Reduced Smilecracker's Bellicarium Credit cost from 100,000 → 10,000.