---
title: MT The Dream 3.3.2
date: 2024-09-03
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---
[PvE] Dungeons
--------------

#### Corrupted RK-9 Kennel

-   Fixed an issue where the exit teleportal's dialog was blank.

-   Fixed miscellaneous minor bugs with the dungeon.

-   Adjusted Gunner's reflect as follows:

-   Arcane Splash

-   No longer deals reflect damage.

-   Detonate

-   Now causes 5,000 reflected damage rather than 15,000.

-   Mana Missiles

-   When charged, it no longer deals reflect damage.

-   When chained from Dashing Reload, causes 5,000 reflected damage rather than 15,000.

-   Design Note: Unfortunately due to technical issues, we are unable to completely remove the reflected damage from Chained Mana Missiles.

-   Remote Trigger

-   No longer deals reflect damage.

-   [HB] Obliteration

-   No longer deals reflected damage.

-   Design Note: Unfortunately due to technical issues, we are unable to remove the reflected damage from HB-7's Electric Bomb attack.

Design Note: In our last hotfix, we made an emergency change to Gunner's Burst Fire and Targeted Burst Fire's reflect damage. This fixed a majority of Gunner's immediate problems, but their HP drain is still extremely oppressive; requiring a very good healer to essentially pocket the Gunner for the entire dungeon. These changes will bring gunner in-line with Ninja. When it comes to other classes, we are generally happy with their performance. Players are still adapting to the difficulty and unique challenges that the Corrupted RK-9 Kennel brings to the table, and we're happy to see playstyle shifts nearly across the board.

#### Akalath Quarantine

-   Akalath Travan

-   Reduced HP by 20%.

-   Akalath Kashir

-   Reduced HP by 25%.

Design Note: Among the Tier 3 dungeons, Akalath Quarantine stands out for two reasons: 1.) It's arguably the hardest of the tier, and 2.) It's the longest dungeon of the tier. We've looked at average fight time data and noticed that both bosses take 4:00 or longer on average. This is far too long for what is predominantly a gearing tier. This change will make the dungeon faster (down to approximately 3:20 per fight on average) and hopefully more enjoyable rather than an 8-10+ minute slog for most parties.

#### Rift's Edge

-   Yativio

-   Reduced HP by 25%.

-   Vesporax

-   Reduced HP by 20%.

-   Koleogg

-   Reduced HP by 30%.

Design Note: To put it nicely: Rift's Edge is divisive. Some people are very happy to see it, while others have wished we never brought it back. The truth to this is that a lot of old TERA dungeons are simply not suited as-is to modern-day TERA, and would need large reworks to "feel good". We aren't able to do this right now, so instead we're opting to drastically reduce the Rift's Edge fight times to bring each boss around 2:30 on average. This should make the dungeon more enjoyable by virtue of it not taking as long.

#### Thaumetal Refinery (Hard)

-   Nightmare Gaaruksalk

-   Reduced HP by 15%.

Design Note: First and second bosses are already quite fast on average, and reducing their HP further will just make the dungeon "do nothing". Thaumetal Refinery (Hard) is also the fastest among the Tier 3 dungeons on average, even including walking. Of course, with the changes to the other dungeons in the tier, this leaves Gaaruksalk standing out and holding back his dungeon's total fight time. Reducing his HP should make his fight approximately 3:20 on average and in turn make the dungeon feel a bit better, rather than going from two 2:30 fights into a 3:50~4:00+ fight on average.

[PvE] Class Changes
-------------------

- Archer

-   Backstep

-   The Reload Enhancement's Resolve regeneration has been reduced from 150 → 120.

Design Note: At endgame, Archer's Backstep consumes just 120 Resolve when glyphed and with the passive. This means that Archer's Backstep's Reload Enhancement has been restoring more Resolve than it has cost for quite some time. We consider this an oversight that must be fixed globally.

- Priest

-   Mana Infusion

-   You can now cast the skill during  Edict of Judgment.

General Content
---------------

#### Guardian Legion

-   Adjusted Magnuut's Chests as follows:

-   Silver Chest

-   Reverted a previous change, now awarding 6x Feral Hide and 6x Thaumetal Ingot again.

-   Added 6x Aether Core

-   Added 6x Crystallized Core

-   Gold Chest

-   Reverted a previous change, now awarding 12x Feral Hide and 12x Thaumetal Ingot again.

-   Added 12x Aether Core

-   Added 12x Crystallized Core

Design Note: After thinking about our previous change to the Avenging Talons rewards, we have had a change of heart. Avenging Talons has the highest cooldown between missions and is by far the hardest of the three "main" missions. Returning his Tier 3 loot will keep him rewarding, while also giving a niche to those stuck in the +9 ~ +12 tier, especially during off-hours. Adding Aether and Crystallized Cores should also make him more attractive to players looking for alternative sources for those materials, especially those who don't particularly enjoy Rift's Edge.

-   Adjusted Dreamreaper's Chests as follows:

-   Silver Chest

-   Added 3x Frozen Core

-   Gold Chest

-   Added 6x Frozen Core

-   Adjusted Vehemos's Chests as follows:

-   Silver Chest

-   Added 3x Scorching Core

-   Gold Chest

-   Added 6x Scorching Core

Design Note: We understand that Frozen and Scorching Cores are fairly scarce right now, and that the "main" Guardian Legion missions are largely not on player's radars anymore. Our goal with Guardian Legion is to give you a boss to hit while in queue, and this adjustment should make them a bit more lucrative to do.

#### New World Bosses

-   Reduced the HP of the following World Bosses by approximately half.

-   Argon Predator

-   Suulvir Mastermind

-   Perdidrax

Design Note: Our last change made World Bosses give less materials to re-incentivize doing dungeons as the primary path for gearing. Of course, this meant that World Bosses were less valuable, and as such less hunted. Instead of increasing materials to arbitrarily make them active again, we have opted to drastically reduce the HP. This will make them far easier to hunt without further negatively affecting the dungeon experience. They may need a further reduction, but this should make them reasonably huntable for a group of 10, rather than 20+ for a 8-12+ minute fight.

#### Achievements

-   The following Corrupted RK-9 Kennel achievements have been adjusted:

-   The Final Debug: Fixed an issue which prevented this achievement from unlocking.

-   System Override: Due to a bug, this achievement has been removed.

-   Quick Response Unit: This achievement's requirements have been adjusted, as previously they were not working as intended. Now, you will get the achievement so long as you don't explode.

-   Error 404: RK-9 Not Found: Increased the amount of time from 6 → 7 minutes.

-   Forbidden Arena [Hagufna]'s Pulling Back the Veil achievement's time has been increased from 4 → 4 minutes 30 seconds.

Design Note: For Corrupted RK-9 Kennel, the kill time achievement was just simply ambitious. When it comes to Hagufna, although the achievement was doable as-is, we don't feel that it's in good faith nor good spirit to keep it at 4:00 while in the high-tier slot. Moving it to 4:30 should keep it challenging and something to look up to for most parties, rather than making it too easy by making it 5:00.

[PvP] Battlegrounds
-------------------

#### Corsair's Stronghold

-   Increased all Da Bomb respawn times by 10 seconds.

-   Removed the anti-healing effect from Da Knock-Up Bomb.

-   Fixed an issue where Da Stun Bomb's stun effect was not cleansable.

Design Note: Da Knock-Up Bomb is the strongest of the four Da Bombs available, leaving both no chance of survival if someone follows up with Da Bomb and no real experimentation with the other Da Bomb variants. This change should give players more room to survive if they are hit with Da Knock-Up Bomb, while encouraging players to experiment with other types more often. The other Da Bomb types are also fairly oppressive, just not as strong as Da Knock-Up Bomb, so all respawn timers have been increased to make them slightly less prevalent.

[PvP] Class Changes
-------------------

#### Archer

-  Stunning Trap

-   [Champion's Skyring] Reduced the duration of the stun from 3.7 → 3.2 seconds.

-   Backstep

-   The Reload Enhancement's Resolve regeneration has been reduced from 150 → 120.

Design Note: Although we still feel that Archer was in-need of an increase to its Stunning Trap stun duration, our previous buff has proven far too oppressive with the current meta landscape. Instead of completely reverting this buff (to 2.8 seconds) we have instead partially reverted it. This should still improve Archer's gameplay compared to pre-buff, but without making it as unfun to fight against. When it comes to the Reload Enhancement, this skill has provided more Resolve when it procs than it costs to use Backstep when paired with the Glyph and Archer's passive. This will slightly reduce Archer's mobility and survivability if they were to rely on multiple procs of the enhancement effect.

#### Gunner

-   Fixed an issue where Balder's Vengeance cooldown was lower than intended while using a Kalash Arcannon.

#### Mystic

-   Metamorphic Blast

-   The Propulsion Enhancement no longer works against players.

Miscellaneous
-------------

#### Bug Fixes

-   Fixed an issue where Mystic's Volley of Curses's debuff effect tooltip was incorrect.