---
title: MT The Dream 2.3.1 - Blitz Rages On
date: 2024-01-04
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---
[PvE] Dungeon Changes
---------------------

#### Killing Grounds, Crimson Killing Grounds

-   Fixed an issue which caused Gardan and Nightmare Gardan's healing abnormality to be removable.

#### Killing Grounds

-   Fixed an issue which caused Gardan's stomp mechanic to have a different stun window than Nightmare Gardan in the Crimson Killing Grounds.

-   After this change, both Gardan and Nightmare Gardan will have identical stun windows.

[Event] Blitz Barrage
---------------------

Event Period: December 19th, 2023 ~ February 1st, 2024

-   Increased the amount of players that can contribute to capturing the Central Pyre from 3 → 8.

-   Slightly changed the amount of time until the spawn cage despawns.

-   Enabled the use of [Battleground] Smilecracker.

-   Adjusted classes during the Blitz Barrage as follows:

-   Removed passive which provided Cooldown Reduction for skills with a less than 60 second cooldown based on class for Adrenaline Rush (~15%) and Traverse Cut (~7%).

-   Lancer

-   Chained Leash

-   Increased cooldown from 16 → 20 seconds.

-   Mystic

-   Curse of Exhaustion

-   Skill disabled.

-   Ninja

-   Quick Attack

-   Increased cooldown from 2 → 6 seconds.

-   Priest

-   Energy Stars

-   Skill enabled, however the Cooldown Reduction does not apply.

-   Guardian Sanctuary

-   Reduced cooldown from 17 → 10 seconds.

[Event] Snowbound Sabotage
--------------------------

Event Period: December 12th, 2023 ~ January 16th, 2024

-   As a reminder, this event will be ending soon. Be sure to participate in the Wintera Snowfield to get the items you want before you lose the opportunity!

#### Wintera Snowfield

-   Reduced entry cooldown.

Class Changes
-------------

#### Brawler

-   Haymaker

-   [PvP]  The Resonance advancement now activates when hitting players.

#### Mystic

-   Thrall of Life

-   Fixed an issue which caused the healing effect and the fairy's firing animation to desync for some skill variants.

#### Priest

-   Fixed an issue which caused High Elf Male's lockons to be slower than other races.

-   Ishara's Lullaby

-   [PvE] Increased the duration of the sleep effect from 20 → 26 seconds.

-   To confirm, the duration in PvP will remain unchanged at 8 seconds.

#### Sorcerer

-   Fixed an issue where Sorcerer's lock-on skills had a more strict lock-on radius than other class' lock-on skills.

#### Warrior

-   Rain of Blows

-   Fixed an issue where the Dueling Scar advancement wouldn't apply its endurance shred effect to Bahaar, Gardan, or Nightmare Gardan. However after this change, Dueling Scar will no longer stun these bosses.

General Content
---------------

#### Achievements

-   Adjusted maximum achievement points.

Miscellaneous
-------------

-   Improved Russian translations.

Bug Fixes
---------

-   Reduced the noise made by the Arkai birds' wing flapping.

-   This fixes a long-standing issue with extremely loud wing flaps which many who do Guardian Legion Missions would have noticed.