---
title: MT The Dream 3.4.2
date: 2024-11-06
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

[Event] Battle Pass ─ Season IV: Hotshot
----------------------------------------

Event Period: Ongoing (October 22nd, 2024 ~ December 22nd, 2024)

#### PvP

-   Replaced Corsair's Stronghold Mission in Battleground Mission Ticket with Fraywind Canyon Mission.

-   Fraywind Canyon will additionally award a [Battle Pass] Token: Fraywind Canyon.

[PvE] Dungeon Changes
---------------------

#### The Plexus (Hard)

-   Increased the timer on Nightmare Shandra Manaya from 7:00 → 7:45.

Design Note: It's no secret that a majority of players are struggling to comfortably defeat Shandra Manaya. While we're generally happy with her HP pool, increasing the timer by 45 seconds will allow more leniency during your final burn; while also allowing you to choose if you wish to sync it with Queen's Walk. We'll keep an eye on how this change affects parties, but we chose to avoid 8:00 to start with due to it heavily favoring lower-than-usual burn cooldown classes such as Sorcerer, Valkyrie and Warrior.

#### Leaderboard

-   Fixed an issue where certain leaderboard rewards had incorrect parcel strings.

-   This did not affect the rewards provided from the parcel.

-   Fixed an issue where the Forbidden Arena [Nightmare Undying Warlord] leaderboard reward's pet boxes had old loot.

[PvP] Battlegrounds
-------------------

#### Opened Battlegrounds

-   The call of battle can be heard from the following Battlegrounds:

-   Fraywind Canyon

#### Closed Battlegrounds

-   The following Battlegrounds have grown silent:

-   Corsair's Stronghold

#### Fraywind Canyon

-   This battleground operates identically to the last time it was available.

#### Leaderboards

-   Champion's Skyring now award Kalash Accessory Amplifier II to rank 1-5 players

-   Extended PvP leaderboard duration from 2 weeks to 4 weeks

-   Doubled the amount of Kalash Shard Boxes awarded

-   Extended duration of all Murderous Intent items from 14 days to 28 days

-   The following battleground has been removed from the leaderboard:

-   Corsair's Stronghold

-   The following battleground has been added to the leaderboard:

-   Fraywind Canyon

General Content
---------------

#### [PvP] Argonite Remnants Reputation

-   When winning or losing games of Fraywind Canyon, you will gain or lose Argonite Remnants Reputation Experience.

-   Upon reaching the Revered Reputation Rank, you can purchase Kalash Accessory Amplifier II from the Argonite Remnants Reputation Shop.

Miscellaneous
-------------

-   Fixed an issue where Pet: Flitterfluff was incorrectly set as unbankable.

-   Fixed an issue where Amani Female's TERA Police Officer costume stated it was for Amani Males.