---
title: MT The Dream 3.1.2
date: 2024-06-10
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

# [PvE] Gear Changes

## Elemental Resizing Stones
- You can now dismantle the following items into Elemental Dust:
  - Blazing Necklace Resizing Stone
  - Earth Earring Resizing Stone
  - Marine Ring Resizing Stone
  - Wind Circlet Resizing Stone
- You can use Elemental Dust to exchange for new Resizing Stones of your choosing at a 2:1 ratio.

# [PvE] Dungeon Changes

## Gossamer Vault (Hard)
### Nightmare Gossamer Regent
- (Correction) Reduced the cooldown of the HP drain mechanic by 10 seconds.

## Thaumetal Refinery, Thaumetal Refinery (Hard)
- After starting the fight with Gaaruksalk, a teleportal will appear at the entrance of the dungeon that takes you to the last chamber.

# General Content

## [PvE] Guardian Legion
- Increased contribution gain by 50%.
- Adjusted the auto-balancing of the following bosses when 13 or more players are present:
  - Dreadreaper of Shadow of the Gutrends
  - Vehemos of Escape from Balder’s Refuge
  - Est of Avenging Talons
  - Ost of Avenging Talons
  - Magnuut of Avenging Talons

## Avenging Talons
- **Est**
  - Reduced HP by 25%.
- **Ost**
  - Reduced HP by 25%.
- **Magnuut**
  - Reduced HP by 25%.

## Escape from Balder’s Refuge
- **Vehemos**
  - Reduced HP by 50%.

## Shadow of the Gutrends
- **Dreadreaper**
  - Reduced HP by 50%.

- Reduced the delay between Uncommon (green) Guardian Legion missions. This will prevent an occurrence where no uncommon Guardian Legion missions were available.
- Tuwangi Reflexes Training is no longer available.

### Design Note:
We fully anticipated that we’d need to reel back some of the changes from the last patch, and that’s exactly what this patch does. Moving some of the HP from the boss itself into the Guardian Legion scaling will help the quieter hours while attempting to keep the fight length during peak hours. The removal of Tuwangi Reflexes Training means that you’ll see more of the other two uncommon missions, which might help fill the gap between the non-flying blue guardians. It’s very likely we’ll need another round of balancing to hit the sweet spot, and we’ll keep balancing until we’re happy with how guardians are. And, maybe if there’s enough long-term interest, we’ll see a custom guardian…👀

# [PvE] World Bosses
- All of Val Kaeli and Val Tirkai are now PK safe.
- Fixed an issue with Perdidrax’s “Tremble!” attack not properly dealing damage if you are in the skill’s radius.
- Increased the base respawn timer of all World Bosses from 5 → 6 hours.
  - Do keep in mind that all World Bosses also have a random amount of additional time that gets added.
- World Boss drops are now based on the collective damage dealt by the raid. Raids are not competing, but instead reaching a specific damage threshold will unlock better rewards:
  - “Top” Tier Reward: Respective World Boss Chest
  - “Mid” Tier Reward: Diamond
  - “Low” Tier Reward: Emerald

### Design Note:
It’s no secret that farming World Bosses is the go-to method for gearing materials, and we recognize that their frequency is a tad excessive given this fact. Rather than diminishing the rewards by simply reducing the materials obtained, we’ve opted to increase their respawn time slightly. This adjustment will keep World Bosses relevant and rewarding, which should help it coexist with other forms of content rather than compete against them for your time.

# Class Changes

## Archer
- [PvE] Increased overall Skill DMG by 2%.
- **Windsong**
  - Removed a passive which increased Physical Amplification by 5% during the effect.

### Design Note:
We discovered lingering remnants of Patch 93’s stat scaling passives that were not correctly removed when updating Menma’s to 64-bit. Despite its long-standing presence, we have decided to remove this passive. The reason behind this decision lies with how Amplification is obtained and scales. As more and more gear releases, this passive will continue getting better and increase Archer’s damage during Windsong disproportionately. As consolation for this passive being removed, Archer has received an overall damage buff. Consequently, while Archer’s damage during Windsong is expected to go down, their overall damage output should remain comparable.

## Gunner
- [PvE] Increased overall Skill DMG by 3%.

### Arc Bomb
- [PvE] Increased Skill DMG by 30%.
- Increased Willpower generation upon successful hit from 20 → 200.

### Balder’s Vengeance
- [PvE] Reduced base cooldown from 225 → 112 seconds.
- [PvE] During Modular Weapon System, the skill’s Base DMG is increased from 42,000 → 43,000.
- The Annihilation buff granted by the skill has been adjusted as follows:
  - Increases the damage of Arcane Splash by 300% → 500%
  - Reduced effect duration from 5 → 2.2 seconds

### Bombardment
- [PvE] Increased Skill DMG by 35%.
- [PvE] The missile projectiles have had their hitbox increased by approximately 2 times. This will cause missiles to less frequently miss small bosses that are within the skill’s radius.

### Burst Fire
- **Velocity Advancement**
  - Increased the Willpower cost from 5 → 25.
  - Increased Skill DMG buff from 20% → 25%.

### Force Enhancement
- Increased the activation chance of the final rank from 38% → 43%.

### Mana Missiles
- [PvE] The additional third missile granted by fully charging the skill deals 200% increased damage compared to the base missiles.
  - Note that in PvP, this skill’s damage will remain the same.

### Modular Weapon System
- [PvE] Upon casting, applies Glyph of the Swift.

### Fire Advancement
- [PvE] When chaining Mana Missiles from Dashing Reload, increases damage of Mana Missiles by 15% → 50%.
  - Note that in PvP, the buff will remain at 15%.

### Integration Advancement
- [PvE] Increased Arcane Barrage damage buff from 25% → 35%
  - Note that in PvP, the buff will remain at 25%.
- The Integration buff granted has been adjusted as follows:
  - Increases the damage of Arcane Splash by 200% → 300%
  - Increased effect duration from 5 → 6 seconds

### Obliteration
- The buff applied when casting the skill is no longer tied to the skill’s duration, and now lasts 7 seconds after casting the skill regardless of if the skill is canceled.
- Each missile has a 100% chance to spawn an Arcane Splash for each successful hit.

### Remote Trigger
- [PvE] Reduced Skill DMG by 40%.

### Targeted Burst Fire
- No longer reduces the cooldown of Balder’s Vengeance.

### Force Enhancement
- Increased the activation chance of the final rank from 38% → 43%.

### Time Bomb
- [PvE] Reduced Skill DMG by 40%.

## Reaper
- [PvE] Increased overall Skill DMG by 2%.

### Enhanced Shadow Burst
- Increased Innate CRIT Rate from 1.21 → 1.25 times.

### Enhanced Sundering Strike
- [PvE] If Shadow Reaping is inactive, increased Skill DMG by 5%. This normalizes Enhanced Sundering Strike’s base DMG between in and out of burn which led to abnormally high differences in damage dealt between the two.
  - Note that in PvP, this skill’s damage will remain the same.

### Shadow Reaping
- Removed a passive which increased Magical Amplification by 5% during the effect.

### Shrouded Escape
- [PvE] Reduced Base Cooldown from 68 → 63 seconds.

### Design Note:
Just like Archer, we discovered lingering remnants of Patch 93’s stat scaling passives that were not correctly removed when updating Menma’s to 64-bit. You can view the Archer design note for more information regarding the reason behind this decision. Much like Archer, we expect Reapers to see their damage during Shadow Reaping go down slightly, but their overall damage remaining the same.

## Slayer
### In Cold Blood
- [PvE] Increased overall Skill DMG during the effect by 4%.
- Removed a passive which increased Physical Amplification by 5% during the effect.

### Design Note:
Just like Archer, we discovered lingering remnants of Patch 93’s stat scaling passives that were not correctly removed when updating Menma’s to 64-bit. You can view the Archer design note for more information regarding the reason behind this decision. Unlike Archer, however, Slayer has received an overall damage buff during In Cold Blood, keeping them performing much the same.

# [PvP] Civil Unrest
- Increased the HP of Guild Towers from 204.9m → 254.9m
- Fixed an issue which caused Prime Battle Solution to not be usable.
