---
title: Menma’s TERA 2.2.3 - All Eyes on You
date: 2023-11-16
authors:
  - name: Hail
excludeSearch: true
---

New Eyes
--------

-   Various new eyes have been added for Castanic, Elin and High Elf.

-   You can access these eyes through an appearance change or making a new character.

[PvE] Dungeon Changes
---------------------

-   Adjusted bosses from the following dungeons so that they do not turn before becoming active.

-   Dark Reach Citadel

-   Dark Reach Citadel (Hard)

-   Demon's Wheel

-   Kalivan's Dreadnaught

-   Kezzel's Gorge

-   Lilith's Keep

-   Lumikan's Dream

-   Lumikan's Dream (Hard)

-   Shadow Sanguinary

-   Shadow Sanguinary (Hard)

-   This change was made as it'll make the opening portion of the fight more consistent as the bosses won't be spinning to the closest player before the fight starts.

-   Ghillieglade now resets brooch and skill cooldown when a boss dies or resets.

-   When a boss dies or is reset, you will be healed for 200% of your maximum HP.

-   During this time, a Berserker's Unleash will be cleared 0.5 seconds later to be healed and not die if they're below 0 HP when a boss dies or is reset.

#### Dreadspire

-   Doubled pet box drop rate for all challenges.

-   Increased the amount of Shattered, Intact and Rare Bloodshard Boxes dropped for all challenges.

-   Doubled chance to drop Legendary Mount Token from Challenge #10: Shandra Manaya.

-   Increased the drop rate of Manaya's Quill from Challenge #10: Shandra Manaya.

-   Adjusted the loot per stack as follows:

-   Arcane Runestone 5x → 10x

-   Raging Shard 5x → 10x

-   Dice of Destiny 2x → 4x

-   Demon's Horn 1x → 2x

-   Elemental Shard 10x → 20x

-   Piece of Dakuryon's Experiment 10x → 20x

-   Darkan's Wing 14x → 20x

-   Spectral Spear 14x → 20x

-   Lakan's Heart 1x → 2x

#### Demon's Wheel

-   Moved Arcane Runestone and Raging Shard drops to the Vanguard Request rather than dropped from bosses. 

#### Grotto of Lost Souls (Hard)

-   Nightmare Kylos

-   Chain Lightning's failure mechanic now reduces Max HP by 85%, rather than reducing incoming healing by 100%.

-   This debuff can be avoided with a Lancer's Divine Protection.

-   Wave attack damage has been changed from 120% HP → 450,000 DMG.

Design Note: We noticed that Berserker specifically has a difficult time with the Chain Lightning failure mechanic, so we've changed it to improve their consistency without negatively affecting the spirit of the dungeon. The changes made to the wave attack were to account for the change to the Chain Lightning failure mechanic and to prevent survival when paired with a shield.

Class Changes
-------------

#### Ninja

-   Burning Heart

-   [PvP ─ FWC, Grid, Shore] Reduced damage by 20%.

-   Double Cut

-   [PvP ─ FWC, Grid, Shore] Increased damage by 20%.

-   Harmonious Boomerang Shuriken

-   [PvP ─ FWC, Grid, Shore] Reduced damage by 50%.

-   Harmonious Burning Heart

-   [PvP ─ FWC, Grid, Shore] Reduced damage by 50%.

-   Harmonious Fire Avalanche

-   [PvP ─ FWC, Grid, Shore] Reduced damage by 50%.

-   Inner Harmony

-   [PvP ─ FWC, Grid, Shore] Reduced cooldown by 20%.

-   Leaves on the Wind

-   [PvP ─ FWC, Grid, Shore] Reduced damage by 20%.

-   Skyfall

-   [PvP ─ FWC, Grid, Shore] Increased damage by 30%.

#### Reaper

-   Shadow Step

-   [PvE] Added Remnant Evade system, providing a 450ms invincibility duration after casting.

Design Note: The Remnant Evade system gives a guaranteed invincibility duration regardless of Attack Speed, resulting in Shadow Step being significantly more reliable. You should no longer die during your Shadow Step's animation.

#### Slayer

-   Retaliate

-   [PvP ─ Champion's Skyring] Now has 7.2% Cooldown Reduction from Equalized gear.

[Event] Gourdo's Ghoulish Gala
------------------------------

Event Period: October 19th, 2023 ~ November 21st, 2023

-   As a reminder, all relevant methods to participate in this event will be removed on our next maintenance! At the earliest, this'll be November 21st. Please make sure to farm out the items you want from the event in the meantime!

[PvP] Civil Unrest: Colossal Ruins
----------------------------------

-   Civil Unrest now starts one hour later, at 6 PM UTC.

[PvP] Battleground Changes
--------------------------

#### Leaderboard

-   Seasons have been adjusted back to their original duration of 14 Days, ending on Sunday at 10PM UTC.

-   The previous leaderboard season was 30 days due to the Fraywind Canyon competition. Due to it ending, the seasons will return to their normal duration. Thank you for participating!

#### Fraywind Canyon

-   Changed queue method to Solo/Duo.

-   Equalized accessories have been upgraded to match other Battlegrounds.

Design Note: Changing the queue method was done as the tournament season has ended. Premade queue will return in the future for another tournament season.

[PvP] Content Changes
---------------------

-   Fraya's Sky Castle and Velika Outskirts Hall shops no longer sell Eternal Loo.

-   Costumes and 330-speed mounts from these shops can now be traded.

#### Rally: Enraged Tantibus (Tuesday)

-   Now has the correct loot, giving the same amount as Enraged Kumas.

#### Rally: Enraged Kumas (Friday)

-   Now spawns in Fey Forest near Lumbertown.

#### Rally: Argentus (Sunday)

-   Now spawns at 6:30 PM UTC.

Miscellaneous
-------------

-   Enabled PK in all of Arcadia's Fey Forest area.

-   Moved Fraywind Canyon Bronze, Silver and Gold achievements to Legacy section.

Bug Fixes
---------

-   Fixed an issue with Thrall of Life where its healing would be desynced from the animation.

-   Fixed an issue where an achievement had an incorrect description.